It recommended that Fulton legislators act `` to have these laws studied and revised to the end of modernizing and improving them '' . The grand jury commented on a number of other topics , among them the Atlanta and Fulton County purchasing departments which it said `` are well operated and   follow   generally accepted practices which inure to the best interest of both governments '' . However , the jury said it believes `` these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of administration '' .
 When the gubernatorial campaign starts , Caldwell is expected to become a campaign coordinator for Byrd . The Georgia Legislature will wind up its 1961 session Monday and head for home - where some of the highway bond money it approved will   follow   shortly . Before adjournment Monday afternoon , the Senate is expected to approve a study of the number of legislators allotted to rural and urban areas to determine what adjustments should be made .
 `` Our most immediate goal is to increase public awareness of the movement '' , he indicated , `` and to tell them what this will mean for the town '' . He expects that if the present timetable is   followed   a vote will be scheduled during the last week in September . Some opposition to the home rule movement started to be heard yesterday , with spokesmen for the town 's insurgent Democratic leadership speaking out against the home rule charter in favor of the model municipal league charter .
 A special presentation was made to Mrs. Geraldine Thompson of Red Bank , who is stepping down after 35 years on the committee . She also was the original GOP national committeewoman from New Jersey in the early 1920 s   following   adoption of the women 's suffrage amendment . She served one four-year term on the national committee .
 The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions is expected to receive the report this week . The jobs formula is understood to   follow   these lines : Each of the organization 's ninety-nine members would get two professional posts , such as political affairs officer , a department head or an economist , to start .
 Then will come nine other states in the order of their admission to the union . Division three will be headed by the Marines   followed   by 12 states ; division four will be headed by the Navy , followed by 11 states ; division five , by the Air Force followed by 11 states . Division six will be headed by the Coast Guard , followed by the reserve forces of all services , five states , Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands , Guam , American Samoa , the trust territories and the Canal Zone .
 Then will come nine other states in the order of their admission to the union . Division three will be headed by the Marines followed by 12 states ; division four will be headed by the Navy ,   followed   by 11 states ; division five , by the Air Force followed by 11 states . Division six will be headed by the Coast Guard , followed by the reserve forces of all services , five states , Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands , Guam , American Samoa , the trust territories and the Canal Zone .
 Then will come nine other states in the order of their admission to the union . Division three will be headed by the Marines followed by 12 states ; division four will be headed by the Navy , followed by 11 states ; division five , by the Air Force   followed   by 11 states . Division six will be headed by the Coast Guard , followed by the reserve forces of all services , five states , Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands , Guam , American Samoa , the trust territories and the Canal Zone .
 Division three will be headed by the Marines followed by 12 states ; division four will be headed by the Navy , followed by 11 states ; division five , by the Air Force followed by 11 states . Division six will be headed by the Coast Guard ,   followed   by the reserve forces of all services , five states , Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands , Guam , American Samoa , the trust territories and the Canal Zone . What does 1961 offer in political and governmental developments in Mississippi ?
 Martin , who has been in office in Washington , D. C. , for 13 months spoke at the council 's annual meeting at the Multnomah Hotel . He told some 350 persons that the United States ' challenge was to help countries build their own societies their own ways ,   following   their own paths . `` We must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which , if not identical , is congenial with ours '' , he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack ritiuality and loyalty .
 The Portland school board was asked Monday to take a positive stand towards developing and coordinating with Portland 's civil defense more plans for the city 's schools in event of attack . But there seemed to be some difference of opinion as to how far the board should go , and whose advice it should   follow   . The board members , after hearing the coordination plea from Mrs. Ralph H. Molvar , 1409 SW Maplecrest Dr. , said they thought they had already been cooperating .
 `` Nobody really expects to evacuate . I think everybody is agreed that we need to hear some voice on the national level that would make some sense and in which we would have some confidence in   following   . Mrs. Molvar , who kept reiterating her request that they `` please take a stand '' , said , `` We must have faith in somebody - on the local level , and it would n't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children '' .
 To Spahn will go the Sid Mercer Memorial Award as the chapter 's player of the year . A crowd of 1400 is expected for the ceremonies , which will be   followed   by the show in which the writers will lampoon baseball personalities in skit , dance and song . The 53 - year old Shea , a prominent corporation lawyer with a sports background , is generally recognized as the man most responsible for the imminent return of a National League club to New York .
 Because of the recent death of the bride 's father , Frederick B. Hamm , the marriage of Miss Terry Hamm to John Bruce Parichy will be a small one at noon tomorrow in St. Bernadine 's church , Forest Park . A small reception will   follow   in the Oak Park Arms hotel . Mrs. Hamm will not come from Vero Beach , Fla. , for the wedding .
 `` A Night in New Orleans '' is the gayety planned by members of the Thrift Shop Committee for May 6 at Philmont Country Club . The women have a reputation for giving parties that are different and are fun and this year 's promises to   follow   in this fine tradition . Mrs. H. J. Grinsfelder is chairman .
 Mr. Wall is a student at Tulane university , where he is a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity . Their Majesties , The Queen of Carnival and The Queen of Comus , have jointly issued invitations for Shrove Tuesday evening at midnight at which time they will entertain in the grand ballroom of a downtown hotel   following   the balls of Rex and Comus . Mr. and Mrs. Richard B. McConnell and their son-in-law and daughter , Mr. and Mrs. Raymond B. Walker will be hosts this Tuesday evening at dinner at the State st. home of the Walkers honoring Mrs. McConnell 's debutante niece , Miss Barbara Williams .
 The victim , Norman B. Wiley , 38 , of the 900 block North Charles street , was treated for cuts at Franklin Square Hospital after the robbery . The driver told police he   followed   as the Negro man got out of the cab with his money . The victim was beaten when he attempted to stop the bandit .
 While neighbor women assumed some of the dead mother 's duties , fund-raising events were being planned by a homeowners association and a student council for the hard-hit Henry Kowalski family , 34220 Viceroy . Mrs. Eleanor Kowalski , 42 , died yesterday afternoon in Holy Cross Hospital of burns suffered in a fire that   followed   a bottled gas explosion Saturday night at the flat of her widowed mother , Mrs. Mary Pankowski , in the adjoining suburb of Warren . Funeral services for Mrs. Kowalski and her daughter , Christine , 11 , who died of burns at the same hospital Monday , have been scheduled for 10 a. m. tomorrow in St. Anne 's Catholic Church , 31978 Mound , in Warren .
 Another neighbor , Mrs. Frank C. Smith , 2731 Pall Mall , Sterling Township , surprised Kowalski by coming to the home yesterday with $ 135 collected locally toward the $ 400 funeral costs . John C. Houghton , president of the Tareytown Acres Homeowners Association ,   followed   that by announcing plans last night for a door-to-door fund drive throughout their subdivision on behalf of the Kowalski family . Houghton said 6 p. m. Friday had been set for a canvass of all 480 homes in the subdivision , which is located northeast of Dequindre and 14 Mile road east .
 Incidentally , 14 th Street and the Expressway is the high accident intersection during daylight hours . It is   followed   by Cain Street and Piedmont Avenue , NE ; the junction of the Northeast and Northwest Expressways and Jones Avenue and Marietta Street , NW . Four persons died in Georgia weekend traffic crashes , two of them in a fiery crash near Snellville , the State Patrol said Sunday .
 On a quarter-to-quarter comparison , the first quarter of 1961 total of 9273 cars was 21 per cent behind the previous year 's 3 - month total of 11744 . This year-to-year decline for Dallas County closely   follows   the national trend - estimated sales of domestic cars in the U. S. for first three months of 1961 were about 1212000 or 80 per cent of the total in the first quarter a year earlier . With the March pickup , dealers are optimistic that the April-June quarter will equal or top last year .
 He is the sexton of the church . A family worship service will   follow   the program at 7 : 45 p. m. . The outstanding family of Central Nazarene Church will be picked by ballot from among eight families during the 10 : 45 a. m. Sunday service marking National Family Week .
 She is vacationing at the Kennedy summer home in Hyannis Port , Mass. , and in his welcoming remarks , the President said he was representing her . As he approached the open bandstand , erected facing the South entrance to the Executive Mansion , the band struck up the `` Star Spangled Banner '' and   followed   it with `` Hail to the Chief '' . `` I think they played Hail to the Chief better than the Marine Corps Band , and we are grateful to them '' , President Kennedy remarked after mounting the bandstand and shaking hands with conductor James Christian Pfohl .
 A flow of correspondence between Pfohl and Miss Baldrige resulted in an invitation to the 85 - student North Carolina group to play the first concert . One of the most interested `` students '' on the tour which the Brevard group took at the National Gallery yesterday   following   their concert at the White House , was Letitia Baldrige , social secretary to First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy . `` I was an art major in college '' , Miss Baldrige explained .
 The ceremony ended with the laying of a wreath at the crypt of Pike in the House of the Temple . A reception and tea   followed   . About 1500 delegates are expected to register today for the biennial session of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite for the Southern Jurisdiction of the United States .
 The anti-trust laws inform a business that it must compete , but along completely undefined lines ; it must play a game in which there never is a winner . The fact is that any business that wants to operate successfully cannot   follow   the law . Hypocrisy thus becomes the answer to a foolish public policy .
 This escape from control has led to management 's evaluating the risk of occasional irrational prosecution as worth while . A plea of nolo contendere ,   followed   by a nominal fine , after all is a small price to pay for this untrammeled license . ( The penalties handed out in the electrical case , which included jail sentences , were unprecedented in anti-trust prosecutions , perhaps because the conspirators had displayed unusual ineptness in their pricing activities . )
 Maris 's was Ted Williams . `` When I was a kid '' , Maris told a sportswriter last week , `` I used to   follow   Williams every day in the box score , just to see whether he got a hit or not '' . `` When you came up to the majors , did you seek out Williams for advice '' ?
 Our staff man cabled from Turin as follows - ``   Follow   Secretary Hodges through the Fiat plant , and you learn this : `` One , modern equipment - much of it supplied under the Marshall Plan - enables Fiat to turn out 2100 cars a day .
 In some parts of the country , however , a co-operative movement has begun to grow , under the wing of state governments , whereby , with the financial help of the state , libraries share their book resources on a county-wide or regional basis . New York State has what is probably the most advanced of these co-operative systems , so well developed that it has become a model for others to   follow   . Because it is so large a state , with marked contrasts in population density , the organization of the New York co-operative offers a cross-section of how the plan works .
 It was faced immediately with a showdown on the schools , an issue which was met squarely in conjunction with the governor with a decision not to risk abandoning public education . There   followed   the historic appropriations and budget fight , in which the General Assembly decided to tackle executive powers . The final decision went to the executive but a way has been opened for strengthening budgeting procedures and to provide legislators information they need .
 Last year , after Trujillo had been cited for numerous aggressions in the Caribbean , the United States and many other members of the Organization of American States broke diplomatic relations with him . Thereupon   followed   a demonstration that tyranny knows no ideological confines . Trujillo 's dictatorship had been along conservative , right-wing lines .
 The State Department tacitly rejected the neutral Laos idea after the Geneva conference of 1954 , and last year Washington backed the rightist coup that ousted neutral Premier Souvanna Phouma . But since last fall the United States has been moving toward a pro-neutralist position and now is ready to back the British plan for a cease-fire patrolled by outside observers and   followed   by a conference of interested powers . The road to a guaranteed-neutral , coup-proof Laos is today almost as difficult as warfare on that nation 's terrain .
 Over 4 million shares were sold , the highest figures since early June . ( Quotations   follow   '' . ) TASS datelined Los Angeles , in English to Europe :
 France and other Western European nations likewise fear a rearmed Germany . If the German people favor such a settlement we should not oppose Germany   following   the example of Austria . President Kennedy has urged a peace race on disarmament that might be called `` Operation Survival '' which has many facets .
 A united Germany , freed of militarism , might be the first step toward disarmament and peace in a terrorized and tortured world . In your editorial of Sept. 30 `` The Smoldering Congo '' you make the following comment : `` Far too many states are   following   the Russian example in refusing to pay their assessments . It is up to the Assembly to take action against them .
 According to one report , however , Mr. Hammarskjold was considered `` too controversial '' a figure to warrant bestowal of the coveted honor last spring . Actually , of course , that label `` controversial '' applied only because he was carrying out the mandate given him by the world organization he headed rather than   following   the dictates of the Soviet Union . At Khrushchev 's door , therefore , can be placed the primary blame but also at fault are those who permitted themselves to be intimidated .
 Not terror , but anger and resentment have been the general reaction outside the Soviet sphere . Khrushchev himself is reported to be concerned by the surge of animosity he has aroused , yet our own nuclear statesmen seem intent on   following   compulsively in his footsteps . When one powerful nation strives to emulate the success of another , it is only natural .
 Since appeals to morality , to humanity , and to sanity have had such small effect , perhaps our last recourse is the deterrent example . If we make it established custom that whenever butchery on the highways grows excessive , say beyond 25000 per annum , then somebody is going to hang , it   follows   that the more eminent the victim , the more impressive the lesson . To hang 50 Governors might be preferable except that they are not directly related to the highways ; so , all things considered , the highway commissioners would seem to be elected .
 Some government scientists say privately that the figure probably is closer to 80 megatons , and that the full 50 - megaton bomb that Khrushchev mentioned may still be detonated . If the new Soviet series has   followed   the general pattern of previous Russian tests , the shots were roughly half fission and half fusion , meaning a fission yield of 30 to 40 megatons thus far . To this must be added the 90 to 92 megatons of fission yield produced between the dawn of the atomic age in 1945 and the informal three-power test moratorium that began in November , 1958 .
 But a great many of what Variety calls the `` cooch terpers '' are considerably less cosmic than that . Each dancer   follows   the ancient Oriental pattern - she glides sideways with shoulders motionless while her stomach migrates , and , through breathing and muscle control , she sends ripples across her body to the fingertips and away to the far end of the room . This is done at varying speeds , ranging from the slow and fast Shifte Telli ( a musical term meaning double strings ) to the fastest , ecstatic Karshilama ( meaning greetings or welcome ) .
 As we know , the Soviet peasant today still very largely thrives on being able to sell the produce grown on his private plot ; and it is still very far from certain how valid the party 's claim is that in `` a growing number of kolkhozes '' the peasants are finding it more profitable , to surrender their private plots to the kolkhoz and to let the latter be turned into something increasingly like a state farm . If one   follows   the reports of the Congress , one finds that there still seems considerable uncertainty in the minds of the leaders themselves about what exactly to do in this matter . The Draft Program was interesting in other respects , too .
 I am firmly convinced that considering the average quality of teachers in this country , the profession is grossly overpaid . It   follows   that teachers as a group cannot expect any marked salary increases ; there is a limit to how much the public will pay for shoddy performance . The only hope which good teachers have for being paid their due is to stop dragging the dead weight of poor teachers up the economic ladder with them .
 Sawalisch also conducts `` The Flying Dutch '' , opening July 24 . `` Parsifal ''   follows   July 25 , with Hans Knappertsbusch conducting , and he also conducts `` Die Meistersinger '' , to be presented Aug. 8 and 12 . The `` Ring '' cycles are July 26 , 27 , 28 and 30 , and Aug. 21 , 22 , 23 and 25 .
 Miss Sutherland appeared almost as another person in this scene : A much more girlish Lucia , a sensational coloratura who ran across stage while singing , and an actress immersed in her role . What   followed   the outburst brought almost breathless silence as Miss Sutherland revealed her mastery of a voice probably unique among sopranos today . This big , flexible voice with uncommon range has been superbly disciplined .
 Not that it is all funny , by any means , though some of it is definitely so , but simply that the dancers are young and handsome , high-spirited and communicative , and the program itself is as vivacious as it is varied . There is no use at all in trying to   follow   it dance by dance and title by title , for it has a kind of nonstop format , and moves along in an admirable continuity that demands no pauses for identification . The material is all basically of folk origin , gleaned from every section of Poland .
 The fox is all ingratiating smiles when he arrives from New Orleans , accompanied by one wharf rat . But like all despots , as he builds his following from among the gullible , he grows more threatening toward those who won n't   follow   - such solid citizens as Doc Raccoon ; Judge Black , the vegetarian black snake ; and the eagle , who leads the bird community when he is not too busy in Washington posing for fifty-cent pieces . As soon as the fox has taken hold on most of the populace he imports more wharf rats , who , of course , say they are the aggrieved victims of an extermination campaign in the city .
 The male dancers sometimes wear kilts and their performance in them is spirited and stimulating . Rouben Ter-Arutunian , in his stage settings , often uses the scrim curtain behind which Mr. Cole has placed couples or groups who sing and set the mood for the scenes which are to   follow   . There is no reason why most theatergoers should not have a pretty good time at `` Donnybrook '' , unless they are permanently in the mood of Enright when he sings about how easily he could hate the lovable Irish .
 Since rococo music tends to be pretty and elegant above all , it can seem rather vacuous to twentieth-century ears that have grown accustomed to the stress and dissonances of composers from Beethoven to Boulez . Thus there was really an excess of eighteenth-century charm as one of these light-weight pieces   followed   another on Saturday night . Each might find a useful place in a varied musical program , but taken together they grew quite tiresome .
 Several of these double entries have been collected by Ben Bagley and Michael McWhinney , along with Rodgers and Hart songs that disappeared permanently en route to New York and others that reached Broadway but have not become part of the constantly heard Rodgers and Hart repertory , in a delightfully refreshing album , Rodgers and Hart Revisited ( Spruce Records , 505 Fifth Avenue , New York ) . Among the particular gems in this collection is the impudent opening song of `` The Garrick Gaieties '' , an impressive forecast of the wit and melody that were to come from Rodgers and Hart in the years that   followed   ; Dorothy Loudon 's raucous listing of the attractions `` At the Roxy Music Hall '' from `` I Married an Angel '' ; and the incisive style with which Charlotte Rae delivers the top-drawer Hart lyrics of `` I Blush '' , a song that was cut from `` A Connecticut Yankee '' . Altogether fifteen virtually unknown Rodgers and Hart songs are sung by a quintet of able vocalists .
 The better part of gallantry might be , perhaps , to honor her perennial good looks and her gorgeous rainbow-hued gown , and to chide the orchestra for not playing in the same keys in which she had chosen to sing . No orchestra , however , could be expected to   follow   a singer through quite as many adventures with pitch as Miss Pons encountered last night . In all fairness , there were flashes of the great stylist of yesteryear , flashes even of the old consummate vocalism .
 But the rain came more heavily , and men and women in light summer clothes began to depart . The grieving Hero and her father , Leonato ,   followed   by the Friar , left the stage . A voice on the loudspeaker system announced that if the rain let up the performance would resume in ten minutes .
 Jack Frost is not really responsible for this great seasonal spectacle ; in fact , a freezing autumn dulls the blaze . The best effects come from a combination of temperate climate and plenty of late-summer rain ,   followed   by sunny days and cool nights . Foliage pilgrimages , either organized or individual , are becoming an autumn item for more and more Americans each year .
 Whereas Bultmann 's `` center '' position is structurally inconsistent and is therefore indefensible on formal grounds alone , the general position of the `` right '' , as represented , say , by Karl Barth , involves the rejection or at least qualification of the demand for demythologization and so is invalidated on the material grounds we have just considered . It   follows   , then , provided the possibilities have been exhausted , that the only real alternative is the general viewpoint of the `` left '' , which has been represented on the Continent by Fritz Buri and , to some extent at least , is found in much that is significant in American and English theology . In order to make the implications of our position as clear as possible , we may develop this argument at greater length .
 Finally , it did seem clear as day to these clergymen , as Gannett 's son explained in the biography of his father , they had always contended for the propriety of their claim to the title of Christians . Their demand against the Calvinist Orthodoxy for intellectual liberty had never meant that they would   follow   `` free inquiry '' to the extreme of proclaiming Christianity a `` natural '' religion . Grant all this - still , when modern Unitarianism and the Harvard Divinity School recall with humorous affection the insults Parker lavished upon them , or else argue that after all Parker received the treatment he invited , they betray an uneasy conscience .
 I have also constantly engaged in scientific work and am fully aware of the value of opinions formed in science as well as in the religions in the world . n an amateu6rish , yet in a very real sense , I have   followed   the developments of archaeology , geology , astronomy , herpetology , and mycology with a hearty appreciation of the advances being made in these fields . At one time I became disturbed in the faith in which I had grown up by the apparent inroads being made upon both Old and New Testaments by a `` Higher Criticism '' of the Bible , to refute which I felt the need of a better knowledge of Hebrew and of archaeology , for it seemed to me that to pull out some of the props of our faith was to weaken the entire structure .
 The Bible is as obviously and truly food for the spirit as bread is food for the body . Again , as faith reveals God my Father and Christ my Saviour , I   follow   without question where He leads me daily by His Spirit of love , wisdom , power and prayer . I place His precepts and His leadings above every seeming probability , dismissing cherished convictions and holding the wisdom of man as folly when opposed to Him .
 For the rivers , the 4 represented the Huai , to the ( then ) Southeast ; the 2 , the San Kiang ( three rivers ) in the ( then ) Southwest ; the 8 , the Chi in the Northeast ; and the 6 , the ( upper ) Yellow River in the Northwest . Note that by Western standards this plan was `` upside down '' , as it put North at the bottom and South at the top , with the other directions correspondingly altered ; but in this respect it was merely   following   the accepted Chinese convention for all maps . The same arrangement was used when the Lo Shu was equated with the Nine Provinces ; and whenever the Lo Shu involved directional symbolism , it was oriented in this same fashion .
 The atmosphere for this momentous experience can be created most effectively through the worship experience . Psychologically the reception should be the climax ,   following   the sermon . Ask the new members to meet thirty minutes before the service to complete `` talent sheets '' and pledge cards .
 The entire membership of the local church must be alerted to their part in this dynamic process . If the church has   followed   the plan of cultivation of prospects and carried through a program of membership preparation as outlined earlier in this book , the process of assimilation and growth will be well under way . Those who enter the front door of the church intelligently and with Christian dedication will not so easily step through the back door because of lost interest .
 It is a proposal that justice now be served by means other than those that have ever preconditioned the search for it , or preconditioned more positive means for attaining it , in the past . `` It is no good recommending surrender rather than nuclear warfare with the proviso that surrender could be   followed   by the effective military resistance by occupied peoples . Hope for the future would lie in the natural longing of the human race for freedom and the right to develop '' .
 Obviously what we are confronted with here is the identification of `` professional '' with narrow skills and specialization , the effective servicing of a client , rather than responsiveness to the wider and deeper meaning and associations of one 's work . These men - for the most part educated in our `` best '' New England colleges , well established financially and socially in the community - under kindly but insistent probing , reveal little or no objective or explicit criteria or data for their generalizations about the interests and attitudes of the people they claim to serve , or about the public responses that actually   follow   their occasional breach of a `` client-service relationship '' . This narrow `` professionalism '' does not even fit the present realities of their situation , as the pressure of minorities and the power and respectability of the realtors increase .
 They went along the pass talking with each other for a short while until they came to a river roaring with torrent . There being no bridge , the master had to stop at the shore ; but his companion crossed the river walking on the water and beckoned to Hwang Pah to   follow   him . Thereupon Hwang Pah said : '' If I knew thou art an Arhat , I would have doubled you up before thou got over there `` !
 `` We hope '' , they said , `` that no family can be found amongst us without a correct version of the Holy Scriptures '' . They recommended , also , that `` at a fixed hour , let the entire family be assembled for night prayers ,   followed   by a short reading of the Holy Scriptures '' . Since the Catholic Church expresses such desire that the Sacred Scriptures be read , the following taken from the Holy Bible ( New Catholic Edition ) will prove a means of grace and a source of great spiritual blessing .
 In his gym the professor has some of the most `` knocked out '' equipment since Vic Tanny . Mr. Claude is a specialist in torso development and he has long favored the now famous Weider Push-Pull Super-Set technique in which one exercise of the Super-Set is a pressing or `` pushing '' movement which accents one sector of a muscle group in a specific way ,   followed   by a `` pulling '' exercise which works the opposing sector of the same muscle group . So right away Claude introduced Henri to his famous `` moon '' bench and proceeded to teach him his first Push-Pull Super-Set consisting of the wide grip Straight-Arm Pullover ( the `` pull '' part of the Push-Pull Super-Set ) which dramatically widens the rib cage and strongly affects the muscles of the upper back and chest , and the collar-to-collar Bench Press which specifically works on the chest to build those wide , Reeves-type `` gladiator '' pecs , while stimulating the upper lats and frontal deltoids .
 They germinate quickly , the tiny plants appearing in a week , and grow along lustily . It does n't really matter which month of the year you sow them , but they germinate best when they have a wide variation of temperature , very warm   followed   by cool in the same 24 hours . I like to make a seedbed right in the open , though many people start them successfully in cold frames .
 Outboard motors , insurance , and boat repairs may also be financed in the same way as boats . Terms and rates of interest for motors generally   follow   those for home appliances . When the automobile was in its embryonic stage , such roads as existed were pretty much open roads with the tacit understanding that horses should not be unduly terrified being about the only rule governing where , when and how fast a car could go .
 So much for the prototype . The interlocking frame we built at the Model Railroader workshop and then installed on Paul Larson 's railroad   follows   the Fig. 1 scheme and is shown beginning in Fig. 7 , page 65 , and in the photos . Here 's how it can be built .
 Fry in butter a small minced onion , rub with a tablespoonful of flour , add half a cup of cream , six beaten eggs , pepper , celery salt , a teaspoonful of minced chives , a dash of cayenne , and a pinch of nutmeg . A jigger of dry Sherry   follows   , and as the mixture stiffens , in go a hundred of the little oysters . Louis Sherry once stayed a fortnight at the Palace , and he was so pleased with omelet Arbogast that he introduced it at his restaurant in New York .
 At one time about 10000 people lived there .  Following   arrowed signs , I veered right toward the former kitchens , complete with chimneys , which now house one of the world 's greatest collections of Chinese porcelain and a fabulous array of silver dinner services . Next to it is a copper section , with cooking utensils and a figure of the chief cook in an elaborate , floor-length robe .
 Bisque fired to cone 05 . Stained with Jacquelyn 's ceramic unfired stain , polished ,   following   manufacturer 's directions . Opaque cantaloupe and transparent wood brown were used .
 Besides flathead bronze screws , silicon bronze Stronghold nails ( made by Independent Nail + Packing Co. , Bridgewater , Mass . ) are used extensively in assembly and Weldwood resorcinal glue is used in all the joints . Construction   follows   a thorough study of the drawings . Start by laying out the six frames and the transom on a level floor .
 After the decking is on , the cabin sides are installed . They 're   followed   by the front and rear bulkheads as illustrated . The windshield glass is shatterproof and Plexiglas is used in the cabin .
 Colonel Frederick W. Lander , impersonated , will again make his break-neck ride down the steep declivity of Talbott 's ( now College ) Hill and thunder across the bridge to join Colonel Benjamin F. Kelley 's ( West ) Virginia Infantry , then swarming through the streets in pursuit of the retreating Confederates . He was closely   followed   by the Ohio and Indiana troops - thus the old bridge has another distinction ; that of being the first such structure secured by force of arms in the war of the ' 60 s . The bridge has survived the natural hazards of the elements , war , fire , and floods , as well as injuries incident to heavy traffic , for more than a hundred years .
 Our experience has taught us that it pays to buy the best equipment possible , from pipes to brushes .  Follow   pool-care instructions to the letter , and be sure that one person ( in the family or not ) is regularly responsible for each aspect of the job , with no chance for claiming , `` It was n't my turn '' . Never let anyone not in the know take a turn at the valves - even if the little boys do want to play space ship .
 Most park planners look to water frontage for basic park areas . This   follows   naturally since frontage on an ocean , stream , or lake provides scenic values and opportunities for the very popular recreation activities of bathing , fishing , boating , and other water sports . A body of water is usually the center of interest at parks which attract the greatest picnic and camping use .
 Long observation has taught Mason that most landscape can be reduced to three essential planes : a foreground in sharp focus - either a light area with dark accents or a dark one with lights ; a middle distance often containing the major motif ; and a background , usually a silhouetted form foiled against the sky . In   following   this general principle , Mason provides the observer with a natural eye progression from foreground to background , and the illusion of depth is instantly created . When painting , Mason 's physical eyes are half closed , while his mind's eye is wide open , and this circumstance accounts in part for the impression he wishes to convey .
 After this has become easy , use slower and slower rhythms , kicking higher and higher .  Follow   this by crossing from one corner of the room to the other on all fours , kicking as high as possible . Push-ups are essential , but few have the strength for them at first .
 Drop both hands to the floor and at the same time kick the right foot up in back . The left will   follow   at once . The right will land first , followed by the left .
 The left will follow at once . The right will land first ,   followed   by the left . Return to the standing position .
 A simplified version of the instrumentation for this procedure is shown in Fig. 2 . Outputs of the two systems are measured by a pulse timing circuit and a resistance bridge ,   followed   by a simple analogue computer which feeds a multichannel recorder . From this doctors can read heart rate , change in diameter , pressure , and effective heart power .
 He proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemical practices . Han 's student days were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual ferment   following   the revolutions in America and in France , Germany and Italy were rising from divisive nationalisms and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the Continent . The new century opened with Oersted beginning his professional career in charge of an apothecary shop in Copenhagen and as lecturer at the university .
 Drug is added to either a protein or mineral supplement for a period of 7 or 14 days .  Follow   manufacturer 's recommendation carefully . Do not feed to dairy cows and do not feed within 60 days of slaughter .
 How much fundamental thinking and research has your company done on its advertising program ? Are you   following   competition willy-nilly - trying to match dollar for dollar - or are you experimenting with new means for reaching and influencing consumers ? Have you evaluated the proper place of advertising and all phases of promotion in your total marketing program - from the standpoint of effort , money , and effectiveness ?
 We may then dismiss the time difference between these courses and the usual four year course of the interior design student as not having serious bearing on the subject . The real question that   follows   is - how are those four years used and what is their value as training ? The American Institute of Interior Designers has published a recommended course for designers and a percentage layout of such a course .
 There will be no mitigation of these offences until all art schools , whether independent or attached to universities have separate accreditation - as do medical schools - by an art accreditation group such as the `` National Association of Schools of Art '' . Independent art schools granting degrees must , naturally ,   follow   this with academic accreditation by the appropriate regional group .
 This has been the aim of the director of the shooting development program , the New York staff of the Sportsmen's Service Bureau , and the SAAMI shooting preserve field consultants since the start of the program in 1954 .  Following   the kick-off of SAAMI 's shooting development program in 1954 , a most interesting meeting took place in Washington , D. C. . The group known as the American Association for Health , Physical Education , and Recreation ( a division of the National Education Association ) initiated a conference which brought together representatives of the National Rifle Association , SAAMI and the American Fishing Tackle Manufacturers .
 But with the exception of professional athletes , few contact sports and physical education activities in our schools have any carryover in the adult life of the average American man or woman .  Following   a vigorous campaign of interpretation and leadership development by OEP director Dr. Julian Smith , today thousands of secondary schools , colleges and universities have shooting and hunting education in their physical education and recreation programs . SAAMI 's financial support since 1955 has contributed to the success of this project in education .
 Other pilot programs were conducted by A + S , Babylon , New York ; J. L. Hudson , Detroit ; Joseph Horne , Pittsburgh . Other THC activities   followed   , conducted by shopping centers , department stores , recreation equipment dealers , radio - TV stations , newspapers , and other organizations interested in the need existing to acquaint youngsters with the proper use of sporting firearms and the development of correct attitudes and appreciations related to hunting and wise use of our natural resources . SAAMI 's field men have served as consultants and / or have participated in 75 Teen Hunter Club activities which have reached over 40000 enthusiastic young Americans .
 So the vile cargo went into the hole of the John Harvey . A detachment of six men from the 701 st Chemical Maintenance Company under First Lt. Howard D. Beckstrom went aboard ,   followed   by Lt. Thomas H. Richardson , the Cargo Security Officer . Secrecy was paramount .
 Anticipating delivery of medicines and yeast by plane , Granite City citizens formed an airfield committee and with the aid of quarrymen and the 172 nd Infantry , Vermont National Guard , laid out runways on Wilson flat , high on Millstone Hill . The `` Barre Aviation Field '' was set to receive its first aircraft the Sunday   following   the flood . Though the makeshift airports were ready , the York State Guard flyers proved unable to keep any kind of mail schedule .
 Piloting a Curtiss Navy MF flying boat off Lake Winnipesaukee in 1925 , he had inaugurated the original Rural Delivery air service in America . During the excitement   following   Lindbergh 's flight to Paris earlier in 1927 , dare devil aviators overnight became legendary heroes . In Concord , Bob Fogg was the most prominent New Hampshire boy with wings .
 All sorts of plans come to life . This is   followed   by a boom in conferences . Yes sir !
 `` Hang this around your neck or attach it to other parts of your anatomy , and its rays will cure any disease you have '' , said the company . Mr. H. is dead today because he   followed   this advice . Doris Hull , suffering from tuberculosis , was taken by her husband to see Otis G. Carroll , a sanipractor - a licensed drugless healer - in Spokane .
 When Richard 's parents told him they wanted to take him to an orthodontist - a dentist who specializes in realigning teeth and jaws - their young son was interested . During the year that   followed   , Dick co-operated whole-heartedly with the dentist and was delighted with the final result achieved - an upper row of strong straight teeth that completely changed his facial appearance . Richard Stewart is no special case .
 The measures for annihilation proposed and accepted at the Conference affected industry , transportation , civilian agencies of government . Heydrich , in opening the Conference ,   followed   the reasoning and even the phraseology of the order issued earlier by Goering which authorized the Final Solution as `` a complement to '' previous `` solutions '' for eliminating the Jews from German living space through violence , economic strangulation , forced emigration , and evacuation . In other words , the promulgators of the murder plan made clear that physically exterminating the Jews was but an extension of the anti-Semitic measures already operating in every phase of German life , and that the new conspiracy counted on the general anti-Semitism that had made those measures effective , as a readiness for murder .
 Eichmann himself is a model of how the myth of the enemy Jew can be used to transform the ordinary man of present-day society into a menace to all his neighbors . Do patriots everywhere know enough about how the persecution of the Jews in Germany and later in the occupied countries contributed to terrorizing the populations , splitting apart individuals and groups , arousing the meanest and most dishonest impulses , pulverizing trust and personal dignity , and finally forcing people to   follow   their masters into the abyss by making them partners in unspeakable crimes ? The career of Eichmann made the Trial a potential showcase for anti-Semitic demoralization :
 This traffic , he declared prophetically , `` tho ' it might be of small account at first , would increase with the progress of our Settlements '' . The route which he had traveled and which he believed might develop into a trade route was   followed   by his settlers earlier than he might have expected . In 1819 grasshoppers again destroyed the crop at `` the Forks '' ( Fort Douglas ) and in December 1819 , twenty men left Fort Daer for the most northerly American outpost at Prairie du Chien .
 In 1819 grasshoppers again destroyed the crop at `` the Forks '' ( Fort Douglas ) and in December 1819 , twenty men left Fort Daer for the most northerly American outpost at Prairie du Chien . It was a three month journey in the dead of winter   followed   by three months of labor on Mackinac boats . With these completed and ice gone from the St. Peter's River ( present-day Minnesota river ) their 250 bushels of wheat , 100 bushels of oats and barley and 30 bushels of peas and some chickens were loaded onto the flat-bottomed boats and rowed up the river to Big Stone Lake , across into Lake Traverse , and down the Red .
 His head cannot contain enough sense to command a regiment , much less a corps . Jackson runs first and his Cavalry are well drilled to   follow   their leader . He is not worth shucks .
 Indeed , a tremendously destructive tsunami that arose in the Arabian Sea in 1945 has even revived the interest of geologists and archaeologists in the Biblical story of the Flood . One of the most damaging tsunami on record   followed   the famous Lisbon earthquake of November 1 , 1755 ; its waves persisted for a week and were felt as far away as the English coast . Tsunami are rare , however , in the Atlantic Ocean ; they are far more common in the Pacific .
 Generally the first salvo of a tsunami is a rather sharp swell , not different enough from an ordinary wave to alarm casual observers . This is   followed   by a tremendous suck of water away from the shore as the first great trough arrives . Reefs are left high and dry , and the beaches are covered with stranded fish .
 At twelve minutes after five on the morning of Wednesday , April 18 , 1906 , San Francisco was shaken by a severe earthquake . A sharp tremor was   followed   by a jerky roll .
 First came the cannon fodder , white clad civilians being driven into death as a massive human battering ram . They were   followed   by crack North Korean troops , who mounted one charge after another . They overran the 7 th Cav 's forward machine-gun positions through sheer weight of numbers , over piles of their own dead .
 `` Okay , men '' , he said . ``   Follow   me '' . Goulding leaped to his feet and started forward , `` Garryowen '' ! on his lips , his men following .
 `` Follow me '' . Goulding leaped to his feet and started forward , `` Garryowen '' ! on his lips , his men   following   . But the bullets whacked home before he finished his battle cry and Marvin Goulding fell dead .
 Moreover , as Communist power increases , the enjoyment of these conditions throughout the world diminishes pro rata and the possibility of their restoration becomes increasingly remote . It   follows   that victory over Communism is the dominant , proximate goal of American policy . Proximate in the sense that there are more distant , more `` positive '' ends we seek , to which victory over Communism is but a means .
 In the Middle East , Iraq , Syria and Egypt were , a short while ago , in the Western camp . Today the Nasser and Kassem governments are adamantly hostile to the West , are dependent for their military power on Soviet equipment and personnel ; in almost every particular   follow   the Kremlin 's foreign policy line . A short time ago all Africa was a Western preserve .
 `` I like the tradition '' , a girl said . `` I like to   follow   the holidays when they come along . But you do n't have to worship in the traditional way .
 ( Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . ) In a mobile society , congregational health depends on a constant process of recruitment ; this recruitment , however , must   follow   the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; therefore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation - like elements will have to be assimilated . Evangelism and congregational outreach have not been carefully studied in the churches ; one study in Pittsburgh , however , has illuminated the situation .
 Publicity accounted for 1.1 per cent of the initial contacts with new members . In general , friendly contact with a member   followed   by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood . The inner life of congregations will prosper so long as like-minded people of similar social and economic level can fraternize together ; the outer life of congregations - the suitability of the environment to their survival - will be propitious so long as the people in the area are of the same social and economic level as the membership .
 Belief in the traditional way of life persists much more in the older states than in the new ones . Probably a larger percentage of Virginians and South Carolinians remain unreconstructed than elsewhere , with Georgia , North Carolina , and Alabama   following   along after them . Old attitudes are held more tenaciously in the Tidewater than the Piedmont ; so that a line running down the length of the South marking the upper limits of tidewater would roughly divide the Old South from the new , but with , of course , important minority enclaves .
 The pieces must be placed in the context of the prepared messages by Wisman 's staff . In addition to the authentication and acknowledgment procedures which precede and   follow   the sending of the go messages , again in special codes , each message also contains an `` internal authenticator '' , another specific signal to convince the recipient that he is getting the real thing . I asked Wisman what would happen if he broke out the go codes and tried to start transmitting one .
 They went after the squall as mercilessly as a wolf pack after an abandoned cow . I   followed   them in the jeep and now they did not care . The games were over , this was life .
 Finally , however , the arrangements were made and we drove out into the bush in a Land Rover . We   followed   the asphalt road for a few miles and then swung off onto a smaller road which was nothing more than two tire marks on the earth . The rancher went a mile down this road and then , when he reached a big red boulder , swung off the road .
 `` I suppose because it saves them some loss of body water . They 'll move around that rock all day ,   following   the shade . During the hottest part of the day , of course , the sun comes straight down and there is n't any shade '' .
 According to Katherine Litz , `` the becoming , the process of realization , is the dance '' . The process stipulates that the choreographer sense the quality of the initial movement he has discovered and that he feel the rightness of the quality that is to   follow   it . The sequence may involve a sharp contrast :
 It is through the metamorphosed dancer that the germ of form is discovered . In his recognition of his impersonal self the dancer moves , and this self , in the `` first revealed stroke of its existence '' , states the theme from which all else must   follow   . The theme may be the formation of a shape from which other shapes evolve .
 He rejects all subjectively motivated continuity , any line of action related to the concept of cause and effect . He bases his approach on the belief that anything can   follow   anything . An order can be chanced rather than chosen , and this approach produces an experience that is `` free and discovered rather than bound and remembered '' .
 The most effective political inventions seem to make maximum use of natural harbors and are aware that restraining breakwaters can play only a minor part in the whole scheme . Just as present technology had to await the explanations of physics , so one might expect that social invention will   follow   growing sociological understanding . We are desperately in the need of such invention , for man is still very much at the mercy of man .
 The central concern of Erich Auerbach 's impressive volume called Mimesis is to describe the shift from a classic theory of imitation ( based upon a recognition of levels of truth ) to a Christian theory of imitation in which the levels are dissolved .  Following   the theme of Incarnation in the Gospels , the Christian artist and critic sees in the most commonplace and ordinary events `` figures '' of divine power and reality . Here artistic realism involves the audience in an impassioned participation in events whose overtones and implications are transcendent .
 Who is involved willy nilly ? Well , after everybody has   followed   the New England pattern of segregating one 's children into private schools , only the poor folks are left . And it is precisely in this poorer economic class that one finds , and has always found , the most racial friction .
 And the common man was developing mythic power , or charisma , on his own . During the decade that   followed   , the common man , as that piece put it , grew uncomfortable as the Voice of God and fled from behind Saint Woodrow ( Wilson ) only to learn from Science , to his shocked relief that after all there was no God he had to speak for and that he was just an animal anyhow - that there was a chemical formula for him , and that too much could n't be expected of him . The socialism implicit in the slogan of the Roosevelt Revolution , freedom from want and fear , seems a far cry from the individualism of the First Amendment to the Constitution , or of the Jacksonian frontier .
 Simms admired the raucous tales emanating from the backwoods , but he had himself social affiliations which would not allow him to approve them fully . Augustus Baldwin Longstreet , a preacher and a college and university president in four Southern states , published the earliest of these backwoods sketches and in the character Ransy Sniffle , in the accounts of sharp horse-trading and eye gouging physical combat , and in the shockingly unliterary speech of his characters , he set an example   followed   by many after him . Others who wrote of low characters and low life included Thomas Bangs Thorpe , creator of the Big Bear of Arkansas and Tom Owen , the Bee-Hunter ; Johnson Jones Hooper , whose character Simon Suggs bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will ; and George Washington Harris , whose Tennessee hillbilly character Sut Lovingood perpetrated more unmalicious mischief and more unintended pain than any other character in literature .
 It would be profitable , I believe , to read these realistic humorists alongside Faulkner 's works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to Faulkner 's time . Such a comparison reminds us that in employing low characters in his works Faulkner is recording actuality in the South and moreover is   following   a long established literary precedent . Such characters , with their low existence and often low morality , produce humorous effects in his novels and tales , as they did in the writing of Longstreet and Hooper and Harris , but it need not be added that he gives them far subtler and more intricate functions than they had in the earlier writers ; nor is there need to add that among them are some of the most highly individualized and most successful of his characters .
 By the age of six young Johnny indicated that he had the call . One day he   followed   the Irish Jasper Greens , the town band , to a picnic and spent the entire day listening , while his family spent the day looking . The disappearance caused his family to assign a full-time maid to keeping an eye on the boy .
 The maid then told her , `` Because he fired me '' . With her son evidencing so strong a musical bent his mother could do little else but get him started on the study of music - though she waited until he was ten - beginning with the piano and   following   that with the trumpet . Young Mercer showed a remarkable lack of aptitude for both instruments .
 In any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions , particularly with respect to the sense of harmony , or relief of tension , or sense of `` a transformed inner nature '' which may occur , a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required . In the calm which   follows   the reading of a poem , for example , is the effect produced by the enforced quiet , by the musical quality of words and rhythm , by the sentiments or sense of the poem , by the associations with earlier readings , if it is familiar , by the boost to the self-esteem for the semi-literate , by the diversion of attention , by the sense of security in a legitimized withdrawal , by a kind license for some variety of fantasy life regarded as forbidden , or by half conscious ideas about the magical power of words ? These are , if the research is done with subtlety and skill , researchable topics , but the research is missing .
 I think these attributes cluster , but I have no evidence . In fact , I can only say this seems to me to   follow   from a wide , continuous , and properly guided exposure to literary art .
 Such an understanding , although it must seek to be sympathetic , is not a matter of intuition . `` History has this in common with every other science : that the historian is not allowed to claim any single piece of knowledge , except where he can justify his claim by exhibiting to himself in the first place , and secondly to any one else who is both able and willing to   follow   his demonstration , the grounds upon which it is based . This is what was meant , above , by describing history as inferential .
 The student of ideas and their place in history will always be concerned with the patterns of transition , which are at the same time patterns of transformation , whereby ideas pass from one area of activity to another . Let us survey for a moment the development of modern thought - turning our attention from the Reformation toward the revolutionary and romantic movements that   follow   and dwelling finally on more recent decades . We may thus trace the notion of individual autonomy from its manifestation in religious practice and theological reflection through practical politics and political theory into literature and the arts .
 In the Same way I like to think we owe our loyalty as legislators to our community , our district , our State . And , if we   follow   the Rayburn pattern , as consciously or by an instinctual political sense I like to think I have followed it , then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be reflected in the devotion of our services to our country . For what Sam Rayburn 's life in this House teaches us is that loyalty and character are not divisive and there is no such thing as being for your country and neglecting your district .
 In the Same way I like to think we owe our loyalty as legislators to our community , our district , our State . And , if we follow the Rayburn pattern , as consciously or by an instinctual political sense I like to think I have   followed   it , then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be reflected in the devotion of our services to our country . For what Sam Rayburn 's life in this House teaches us is that loyalty and character are not divisive and there is no such thing as being for your country and neglecting your district .
 Two hundred and nineteen were received from 35 of our 50 United States and 11 came from foreign countries . New York led in the number of inquiries ,   followed   by California , New Jersey , Massachusetts , and Pennsylvania . Among foreign countries responding were Germany , Canada , Brazil and India .
 Beginning with the October 1959 issue of the Journal , the method of production of copy for photo-offset reproduction was changed from varityping to hot typesetting . This resulted in an improved appearance , but was   followed   by an increase in printing cost that necessitated the institution of major economies to keep within the total of allocated funds . The use of 100 instead of 140 substance paper plus the adoption of side stapling beginning with the May 1960 issue reduced costs sufficiently to allow completion of the fiscal year with nearly $ 4000 in unexpended funds .
 But the radiation may be so intense at the start that one percent may be extremely dangerous . Therefore , civil defense instructions received over CONELRAD or by other means should be   followed   . A battery powered radio is essential .
 Within a few years various du Pont manufactured items were filling the entire requirements of from four to seven of General Motors ' eight operating divisions . The Fisher Body division , long controlled by the Fisher brothers under a voting trust even though General Motors owned a majority of its stock ,   followed   an independent course for many years , but by 1947 and 1948 `` resistance had collapsed '' and its purchases from du Pont `` compared favorably '' with purchases by other General Motors divisions . Competitors came to receive higher percentage of General Motors business in later years , but it is `` likely '' that this trend stemmed `` at least in part '' from the needs of General Motors outstripping du Pont 's capacity .
 This Court 's judgment was filed in the District Court on July 18 , 1957 . The first pretrial conference - held to appoint amici curiae to represent the interest of the stockholders of du Pont and General Motors and to consider the procedure to be   followed   in the subsequent hearings - took place on September 25 , 1957 . At the outset , the Government 's spokesman explained that counsel for the Government and for du Pont had already held preliminary discussions with a view to arriving at a relief plan that both sides could recommend to the court .
 He was again reclassified 1 , - A by the local board . There   followed   a customary Department of Justice hearing , at which petitioner appeared . In his report to the Attorney General , the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from combatant training and service .
 The appeal board , however , unanimously concurred in the Department 's recommendation . Upon return of the file to the local board , petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution   followed   his failure to do so . Petitioner first contends that the Department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity , before its final recommendation to the appeal board , to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching .
 I would hope that we could create the recognition in the Department and overseas that those who come across little things going wrong have the responsibility for bringing these to the attention of those who can do something about them . If the Department of State is to take primary responsibility for foreign policy in Washington , it   follows   that the ambassador is expected to take charge overseas . This does not mean in a purely bureaucratic sense but in an active , operational , interested , responsible fashion .
 Farmers , for these purposes , have until February 15 , 1962 , to file Form 1040 and pay the tax in full for the calendar year 1961 . Fiscal year taxpayers have until the last day of the first month   following   the close of the fiscal year ( farmers until the 15 th day of the 2 d month ) . See Chapter 38 .
 If you are a nonresident alien and a resident of Puerto Rico , your return is also due June 15 , 1962 , or the 15 th day of the 6 th month after the close of your fiscal year . If a taxpayer dies , the executor , administrator , or legal representative must file the final return for the decedent on or before the 15 th day of the 4 th month   following   the close of the deceased taxpayer 's normal tax year . Suppose John Jones , who , for 1960 , filed on the basis of a calendar year , died June 20 , 1961 .
 The study of the radio emission of the moon and planets began with the detection of the thermal radiation of the moon at 1.25 - cm wave length by Dicke and Beringer ( 1946 ) . This was   followed   by a comprehensive series of observations of the 1.25 - cm emission of the moon over three lunar cycles by Piddington and Minnett ( 1949 ) . They deduced from their measurements that the radio emission from the whole disk of the moon varied during a lunation in a roughly sinusoidal fashion ; that the amplitude of the variation was considerably less than the amplitude of the variation in the infrared emission as measured by Pettit and Nicholson ( 1930 ) and Pettit ( 1935 ) ; and that the maximum of the radio emission came about 3 - 1 2 days after Full Moon , which is again in contrast to the infrared emission , which reaches its maximum at Full Moon .
 The variation in the 3 - cm emission of the moon during a lunation is very much less than the variation in the 8.6 - mm emission , as would be expected from the explanation of Piddington and Minnett ( 1949 ) . In the discussion which   follows   , the time average of the radio emission will be referred to as the constant component , and the superimposed periodic variation will be called the variable component . The 10.3 - cm observation of Sloanaker was made on May 20 , 1958 , using the 84 - foot reflector at the Maryland Point Observatory of the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory .
 The reaction of chlorine with carbon tetrachloride seemed particularly suited for such studies . It should be possible to prepare very pure chlorine by oxidation of inorganic chlorides on a vacuum system   followed   by multiple distillation of the liquid . It should be possible to free carbon tetrachloride of any interfering substances by the usual purification methods followed by prechlorination prior to addition of radioactive chlorine .
 It should be possible to prepare very pure chlorine by oxidation of inorganic chlorides on a vacuum system followed by multiple distillation of the liquid . It should be possible to free carbon tetrachloride of any interfering substances by the usual purification methods   followed   by prechlorination prior to addition of radioactive chlorine . Furthermore , the exchange would not be expected to be sensitive to trace amounts of impurities because it would not be apt to be a chain reaction since the activation energy for abstraction of chlorine by a chlorine atom would be expected to be too high ; also it would be expected that * * f would compete very effectively with any impurities as a scavenger for * * f radicals .
 Changes of intensity on the cell were achieved by use of a wire screen and by varying the distance of the light source from the cell .  Following   reaction the cells were scratched with a file and opened under a 20 % aqueous sodium iodide solution . Carrier * * f was added and the aqueous and organic phases were separated ( cells containing gaseous reactants were immersed in liquid air before opening under sodium iodide ) .
 Experiments were done at 180 , 200 , 210 , 220 ` .  Following   observation of the fact that the reaction rates of supposedly identical reaction mixtures prepared on the same filling manifold and exposed under identical conditions often differed by several hundred per cent , a systematic series of experiments was undertaken to see whether the difficulty could be ascribed to the method of preparing the chlorine , to the effects of oxygen or moisture or to the effect of surface to volume ratio in the reaction tubes . In addition to the method described in the section above , chlorine and radiochlorine were prepared by the electrolysis of a * * f eutectic on the vacuum line , and by exchange of * * f with molten * * f .
 When it comes to rate of early growth , the Indian python leads with a figure of about 3 feet 6 inches per year for the first two years , more or less . The African rock python , a close second , is   followed   in turn by the reticulate python . There are few data on the boa constrictor , those for the anaconda are unconvincing , and there is nothing at all on the amethystine python .
 His thirteenth chapter includes many exciting accounts of huge serpents with prodigious strength , but these seem to be given to complete his picture , not to be believed . Detailed information on record lengths of the giants is given in the section that   follows   . Discussions of the giants one by one will include , as far as possible , data on these aspects of growth :
 The bronchus and pulmonary artery in this lung type maintain a close relationship throughout . The pulmonary vein , however , without the limiting supportive tissue septa as in type 1 , ,   follows   a more direct path to the hilum and does not maintain this close relationship ( figs. 8 , 22 ) . Another marked difference is noted here .
 This relationship , however , is not maintained centrally . Here the pulmonary vein , as in type 2 , , is noted to draw away from the bronchus , and to   follow   a more direct , independent course to the hilum ( figs. 23 , 24 ) . The bronchial artery in its course and distribution differs somewhat from that found in other mammals .
 Such a dual derivation was strikingly demonstrated during the injection process where initial filling would be noted to occur in several isolated pleural vessels at once . Some of these were obviously filling from interlobular branches of the bronchial arteries while others were filling from direct hilar branches   following   along the pleural surface . With completion of filling , net-like anastomoses were noted to be present between these separately derived branches .
 An unusual increase in the number of bronchial arteries present within the substance of the lung was noted . This was accounted for primarily by the presence of a bronchial artery closely   following   the pulmonary artery . The diameter of this bronchial artery was much too large for it to be a mere vasa vasorum ( figs. 16 , 23 , 24 ) .
 In distal regions its diameter would be one-fourth to one-fifth that of the pulmonary artery . This vessel could be   followed   to the parenchyma where it directly provided bronchial arterial blood to the alveolar capillary bed ( figs. 17 , 18 ) . Also three other direct pathways of alveolar bronchial arterial supply were noted : via the pleura ; through the interlobular septa ; and along the terminal bronchiole ( figs. 14 , 17 , 18 , 19 ) .
 Well developed respiratory bronchioles , on the other hand , appear to be the only form taken by the distal airways in type 2 , . In type 1 , the pulmonary vein closely   follows   the course of the bronchus and the pulmonary artery from the periphery to the hilum . This maybe due to the heavy interlobular connective tissue barriers present .
 This maybe due to the heavy interlobular connective tissue barriers present . In type 3 , this general relationship is maintained peripherally but not centrally where the pulmonary vein   follows   a more independent path to the hilum as is the case throughout the lung in type 2 , .
 A previously extinguished conditioned reaction was restored in monkey A and was associated with typical signs of emotional excitement including sympathetic discharges . It seems to   follow   that by and large an antagonism exists between the paleo - and the neocortex as far as emotional reactivity is concerned , and that the balance between the two systems determines the emotional responsiveness of the organism . In addition , the neocortical hypothalamic relations play a great role in primates , as Mirsky 's interesting experiment on the `` communication of affect '' demonstrates .
 The Mecholyl and noradrenalin tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance , but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states , and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions , additional tests seem to be desirable . It was assumed that the shift in autonomic hypothalamic balance occurring spontaneously in neuropsychiatric patients from the application of certain therapeutic procedures   follows   the pattern known from the sleep wakefulness cycle . A change in the balance to the parasympathetic side leads in the normal individual to sleep or , in special circumstances , to cardiovascular collapse or nausea and vomiting .
 In a conditioning experiment , he demonstrated the antagonism between feeding and pain . A mild electrical shock served as a conditioned stimulus and was   followed   by feeding . The pain became thus the symbol for food and elicited salivary secretion ( conditioned reflex ) .
 ( Actually , a nilpotent operator on an n-dimensional space must have its nth power 0 ; if we take * * f above , that will be large enough . It then   follows   that * * f is large enough , but this is not obvious from the above expression . ) Now * * f is a diagonalizable operator which is also nilpotent .
 This set must consist of isolated points and closed intervals . The fact that there can not be any limit points of the set except in closed intervals   follows   from the argument used in Lemma 1 , namely , that near any tangent point in the C-plane the curves C and **f are analytic , and therefore the difference between them must be a monotone function in some neighborhood on either side of the tangent point . This prevents the occurrence of an infinite sequence of isolated tangent points .
 The class of the congruence is * * f , since an arbitrary plane meets \ g in k points . Since the complex of singular lines is of order k and since there is no complex of invariant lines , it   follows   from the formula * * f that the order of the involution is * * f . There are various sets of exceptional lines , or lines whose images are not unique .
 The congruence of its secants is therefore of order * * f and class * * f . A final class of exceptional lines is identifiable from the following considerations : Since no two generators of * * f can intersect , it   follows   that their image curves can have no free intersections . In other words , these curves have only fixed intersections common to them all .
 Now the only way in which all curves of the image family of * * f can pass through a fixed point is to have a generator of * * f which is not a secant but a tangent of \ g , for then any point on such a generator will be transformed into the point of tangency . Since two curves of symbol * * f on Q intersect in * * f points , it   follows   that there are * * f lines of * * f which are tangent to \ g . Clearly , any line , l , of any bundle having one of these points of tangency , T , as vertex will be transformed into the entire pencil having the image of the second intersection of l and Q as vertex and lying in the plane determined by the image point and the generator of * * f which is tangent to \ g at T .
 To avoid this contradiction it is necessary that C be composite , with the secant of \ g and a curve of order * * f as components . Thus it   follows   that the secants of \ g are all invariant . But if this is the case , then an arbitrary pencil of lines having a point , P , of \ g as vertex is transformed into a ruled surface of order * * f having * * f generators concurrent at P .
 But if this is the case , then an arbitrary pencil of lines having a point , P , of \ g as vertex is transformed into a ruled surface of order * * f having * * f generators concurrent at P . Since a ruled surface of order n with n concurrent generators is necessarily a cone , it   follows   finally that every line through a point , P , of \ g meets its image at P , as asserted . Now consider the transformation of the lines of a bundle with vertex , P , on \ g which is effected by the involution as a whole .
 Moreover , in this involution there is a cone of invariant lines of order * * f , namely the cone of secants of \ g which pass through P . Hence it   follows   that the involution within the bundle must be a perspective de Jonquieres involution of order * * f and the invariant locus must have a multiple line of multiplicity either * * f or * * f . The first possibility requires that there be a line through P which meets \ g in * * f points ; the second requires that there be a line through P which meets \ g in * * f points .
 Now consider an arbitrary line , l , meeting Q in two points , * * f and * * f . If | a is the multiple secant of \ g which passes through * * f and | b is the simple secant of \ g which passes through * * f , and if * * f are the points in which | a meets \ g , and if * * f is the image of * * f on the generator | b , it   follows   that the image of the line * * f is * * f .
 The colonial period has generally left people believing that government can , if it wishes , provide all manner of services for them - and that with independence free men do not have to work to realize the benefits of modern life . For example , in accordance with the fashion of the times , most transitional societies have announced economic development plans of varying numbers of years ; such is the mystique of planning that people expect that fulfillment of the plan will   follow   automatically upon its announcement . The civil services in such societies are generally inadequate to deal competently with the problems facing them ; and their members often equate a government career with security and status rather than with sacrifice , self-discipline , and competence .
 American and free-world policies can marginally affect the pace of transition ; but basically that pace depends on changes in the supply of resources and in the human attitudes , political institutions , and social structure which each society must generate . It   follows   that any effective policy toward the underdeveloped countries must have a realistically long working horizon . It must be marked by a patience and persistence which have not always been its trademark .
 In the last analysis , religion is the means of inducing , formulating , expressing , enhancing , implementing , and perpetuating man 's deepest experience - the religious . Man is first religious ; the instrumentalities   follow   . Religion seeks to satisfy human needs of great pertinence .
 In general , the approach is more active than passive , more out-reaching than reflective . While some regression is inevitable , it is discouraged rather than encouraged so that the transference does not   follow   the stages of planned regression associated with certain casework adaptations of the psychoanalytic model for insight therapy . To establish an emotionally meaningful relationship the worker must demonstrate actual or potential helpfulness immediately , preferably within the first interview , by meeting the client 's specific needs .
 Other reports in identical form , but with somewhat varying content , have been issued for : . These area reports will be   followed   , according to present plans , by a summary report , which will include a detailed statement on methods .
 To use these new ways in daily life is the last step . Roleplaying used for analysis   follows   these general steps leading to training . When an evaluative situation is set up , and no concern is with the details that lead to an over-all estimate , we say that roleplaying is used for evaluation .
 But first , we must define two terms so that their meaning will be clearly understood : form - any unique sequence of alphabetic characters that can appear in a language preceded and   followed   by a space . occurrence - an instance of a form in text .
 It is clear that patterns of stress sometimes show construction unambiguously in the spoken language where without the help of context it would be ambiguous in the written . Other examples   follow   . `` I 'll come by Tuesday .
 And patterns of stress are not always unambiguous by any means . In the Steiners have busy lives without visiting relatives only context can indicate whether visiting relatives is equivalent in meaning to paying visits to relatives or to relatives who are visiting them , and in I looked up the number and I looked up the chimney only the meanings of number and chimney make it clear that up is syntactically a second complement in the first sentence and a preposition   followed   by its object in the second . - Syllables are linguistic units centering in peaks which are usually vocalic but , as has been noted , are consonantal under certain circumstances , and which may or may not be combined with preceding and / or following consonants or combinations of consonants .
 When ity is added , real clearly has two syllables . But there is every reason to regard deal as a monosyllable , and because of the fact that / l / commonly has the quality of / / when it   follows   vowel sounds , deal seems to be a perfectly satisfactory rhyme with real .
 King Muhammad /5 , was known to be most sympathetic to the formation of local self-government and made the first firm promise of elections on May Day , 1957 . There   followed   a long and sometimes bitter discussion of the feasibility of elections for the fall of 1957 , in which it appears that the Minister of the Interior took the most pessimistic view and that the Istiqlal was something less than enthusiastic . Since the complicated process of establishing new communes and reviewing the rudimentary plan left by the French did not even begin until the fall of 1957 , this goal appears somewhat ambitious .
 Several factors contributed to this change . The Congress of Vienna is a convenient starting point because it both epitomized and symbolized what was to   follow   . Here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe , but for the world .
 First was the period of codification of existing law : the Code Napoleon in France and the peculiar codification that , in fact , resulted from Austin 's restatement and ordering of the Common Law in England . Codification was   followed   in all countries by a growing amount of legislation , some changing and adjusting the older law , much dealing with entirely new situations . The legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another , to the executive .
 I hold , on the contrary , that we mean to assert something of the pain itself , namely , that it was bad - bad when and as it occurred . Consider what   follows   from the positivist view . On that view , nothing good or bad happened in the case until I came on the scene and made my remark .
 Not a bullet touched Cook who was nearer the ambush , but one hit Russell in the leg and another broke his arm , passing on through his body . With the first reports , Russell 's horse wheeled to the right and ran towards the buildings while Cook ,   followed   by a hail of bullets , raced towards the arroyo of Salyer 's Canyon immediately in front of him , just reaching it as his horse fell . Grabbing his Winchester from its sheath , Cook prepared to fight from behind the arroyo bank .
 Finding him dead , Cook caught Russell 's horse and rode to the cattle foreman 's house to report the incident and request bloodhounds to trail the assassins . Before daylight Sunday morning , a posse of twenty-three men under the leadership of Deputy Sheriff Frank MacPherson of Catskill   followed   the trail to the house of Francisco Chaves , where 100 to 150 Mexicans had gathered . MacPherson boldly approached the fortified adobe house and demanded entrance .
 When it became obvious that he could stay inside no longer , taking a thousand to one chance Gonzales rushed outside , square against the muzzle of a Winchester . Shot near the heart , he turned to one side and plunged for a door to another room several feet away , three bullets   following   him . As he pushed open the door he fell on his face , one of his comrades pulling him inside .
 Variations in aerator speeds during the latter two months of this study caused increased mixing and increased oxygen demand . The increase in oxygen uptake rates from 1.2 to 2.6 mg / l / hr which   followed   an increase in rotor speed was believed to be related to resuspension of solids which had settled at the lower rotor speeds . It appeared that most of the mixed liquor suspended solids were active microbial solids with the heavier , less active solids settling out .
 He could also hear the stream which he had seen from his position . They were going to   follow   it for part of their journey . `` It 's safe '' , Prevot had said , `` and it provides cover for our noise '' .
 There was no church like Drew Church , no preacher like Papa , who was intimate with Him , and could consign sinners to hellfire . To know God he must   follow   in Papa 's footsteps . He was fortunate , and proud .
 Drunkenness was no longer tolerated . In defiance , a chinless reprobate , Jake Camaret , marched down the aisle in St. Peter 's one Sunday morning ,   followed   by one of the women from the Bordel , whose dress and walk plainly showed the lack of any shame . Plunking themselves down on the front bench , they turned to smirk at those around them .
 For an instant John longed for the sound of the bells of Noyon-la-Sainte , the touch of his mother 's hand , the lilt of Charles 's voice in the square raftered rooms , his father 's bass tones rumbling to the canons , and the sight of the beloved bishop . But he had to   follow   the light . Unless God expected a man to believe the Holy Scriptures , why had He given them to him ?
 He wanted no part of the emotions of the exchange , no memory of the joy and gratitude that other men felt . He had hoped to be alone in the bombproof , but the soldier had   followed   him . Though Watson carefully ignored the man , he could not deny his presence .
 Then Angelina turned and with an easy grace walked toward the kitchen . Jessica Packard lifted her head and   followed   the retreating figure , her eyes resting nearly closed on the unself-conscious rise and fall of the rounded hips . For a moment she held her face to the empty doorway ; then she snorted and groped for her fork .
 The doctor was wearing a long New England greatcoat , hardly necessary in the June weather but a garment which proved well adapted to the sequestration of hens . Alex entered first and was   followed   by the doctor who , for all his care , manifested a perceptible bulge on his left side where the hen was cradled . They advanced in a line across the entrance hall to the stairway and up , with gingerly steps , towards the first landing .
 `` Comment '' ? ejaculated the surprised woman , looking at Alex for an explanation but he , parting from her without ceremony , only offered a few words about the doctor 's provincial American speech and a state of nerves brought on by the demands of his work . With that he hurried up the stairs ,   followed   by her suspicious gaze . When Alex entered his room , the doctor was already preparing a nest in the straw case , six eggs ready for the hen 's attentions .
 The alabaster cockatoo '' . Winston   followed   her around the room , collecting the small frail objects ( Christmas , birthday , and anniversary ) and wrapping them in tissue paper . Neither of them trusted the movers .
 `` Mr. Wycoff 's car is waiting for you at the east entrance '' . I   followed   him out through the lobby to the street . An ancient Rolls-Royce , as shiningly impressive as the day it came off the ship , was parked at the curb .
 After fifteen minutes of traffic driving he turned to the left . I could n't see him , but the electric bugging device gave steady beeps when it was straight ahead , short half beeps when the car I was   following   was to the left , and long drawn-out beeps when it turned to the right . If it ever got behind me , the beep turned to a buzz .
 She sidled along the booths one step at a time . The gun   followed   her . As she reached Dave and felt his arm go around her , felt him pull her to the safety of his person , she knew with the certainty of despair that something bad had happened to Lauren .
 Where were they now ? In her mind she   followed   the white Buick along the road somewhere between here and the Niagara River . Her father 's attention would be on the road ahead and it would n't deviate an inch until he crossed the bridge at the Falls and took the River Road to LaSalle and , finally , turned in at their own driveway at 387 Heather Heights .
 At least , I want to find out whether she 's home yet or not '' . He opened the door and   followed   Rourke out . In Rourke 's car , Shayne drove east to Biscayne Boulevard and north toward Felice Perrin 's address which had been given to him by the Peralta governess .
 And even if he 'd somehow missed seeing him , he would n't have gone off and left the light on and door open in the file room . Whoever it was had meant to shut him up in here , had   followed   him and waited till the courthouse and square were deserted . But why ?
 This was a broth of a boy , our Felix , and nothing was more obvious than the joy he took in demonstrating how agile he was and how full of juice and spirit . We   followed   him up the stairs . The cops would gather up Connor and the foursome on the third floor and bring us those of them who would voluntarily submit to fingerprinting .
 He may try to phone us '' . Andy passed into the corridor , their `` good lucks '' !   following   him . It was what they said before every performance but tonight it sounded different , as if he really needed it .
 Twenty-four hours had changed him from a performer to a freak . Within this framework , what   followed   was strained , even macabre . Eliminating the patter and the upbeat numbers left little but blues and other songs of equal melancholy .
 It 's all in your mind '' . A couple of sobs escaped him ,   followed   by a sentiment that revealed his emotional state . `` Why , I 'm not fit to touch the hem of her garment '' .
 He and the prime minister would be back from the window , seated at Mahzeer 's desk ; they would be going over papers Mahzeer had saved as excuse for just such a meeting . In a minute , or five minutes , the business would be done ; Mahzeer would stand up , the prime minister would   follow   . Mahzeer would direct the prime minister 's attention to something out the window and would guide him forward and then step to one side .
 But where was it going ? And why was it causing so much agitation among the Angels , and being   followed   by so many of them ? There was only one possible answer , but Jack 's horrified mind refused to believe it until he had fed the radar plots of the skiff 's course into the computer .
 Ryan told him what he could do then . Ekstrohm smiled , and   followed   the captain through the airlock with only a glance at the lapel gauge on his coverall . The strong negative field his suit set up would help to repel bacteria and insects .
 Dissect it '' ? Ryan nudged it with his toe ,   following   Ekstrohm 's example . `` I do n't know , Stormy .
 The bodies in the truck threshed and bawled without human speech when the dromozoa struck them . Finally , Mercer did manage to   follow   B ' dikkat to the door of the cabin . He had to fight the bliss of super-condamine to do it .
 Her statement was a hope , not a truth in which they could believe . They did not have the wit to   follow   the stars in their courses , to exchange names with each other , to harvest the experience of each for the wisdom of all . There was no dream of escape for these people .
 You 'd better sleep '' . Jones   followed   him into the front room , closing the door behind him . He said : `` If it 's all right with you , Mr. Morgan , I 'll sleep out here on the couch .
 Clayton freed himself from the embrace and stepped back . The eyes   followed   him fearfully . `` The horses .
 Then at last the darkness began to dissolve . A bold line of violet broke loose from the high ridge of the mountains ,   followed   by feathers of red that swept the last stars from the sky . The wan light spread over the ground and the valley revealed in the first glimmer the contours of trees and fences and palely shadowed gullies .
 Cabot turned back to the men and he was drunk with the thing they would do , wild to break from the cloying warmth of the saloon into the cold of the ebbing night . He fled through the door and down the steps , running , and the men grunted and   followed   , pushing Lester to one side where he backed against the wall with the sleeve of his jacket raised before his eyes to shut out the light . Purvis and Silas Pettigrew were the last to leave .
 `` They 're stealin ' the stock '' ! He scuttled in shadow along the east wall of the stockade and then   followed   the south wall until he was at the rear of the two frame buildings . He crouched there .
 They bawled questions that were not answered in the uproar . They   followed   the others toward the east gate . Beyond the stockade rifles began to explode as some of the guerrillas fired at shadows that they imagined were Apaches .
 They , and the two large fans which I could dimly see as daylight filtered through their vents , down at the far end of the hall , could be turned on by a master switch situated inside the office . He pointed out the switch to me and for a moment I foolishly believed that he would let deed   follow   words . I was shown , instead , a batch of white tickets of the sort handed out , he told me , every morning .
 There was no chance . They moved slowly , toward the main gate ,   following   the wall . There was no moon .
 The sergeant froze . Powers had not   followed   . Powers was covering the remaining guard .
 I did it for the valley . You 're the only man the Night Riders will   follow   . We 've been starving and I do n't like to starve '' .
 She seemed to have come such a long distance - too far for her destination which had wilfully been swallowed up in the greedy gloom of the trees . She stood quite still , trying to focus upon a direction in which to turn , a path to   follow   , a clue to guide her . She was standing in a thick grove .
 I 've given willful hurt to no man . I was just doing my job , just   following   orders , and for that he 's going to kill me . Beat me to death in front of a hundred people .
 `` But to take him and leave his mother behind is not good '' . `` In my place , you 'd   follow   such advice as you give me '' ? Hernandez looked suddenly uncertain .
 They escorted him down from the porch and through the rain to his office . The other five Slash-B men   followed   them inside , crowding the small room . His face was stiff with anger when they let go of his arms .
 Resignedly , Macklin turned to the back door . They   followed   him into the rain and across to the squat stone building fifty feet to the rear . The door of the lockup was of oak planks and banded with strap iron .
 He came to the edge of the veranda , peered down at them with his hand on his gun . `` Do n't try it '' , Brannon told him , dismounting and starting up the steps with his men   following   . `` Do n't get yourself killed for something that does n't concern you '' .
 Miguel and Arturo Ramirez remained on the veranda to keep Harper from interfering . The others   followed   Brannon inside . They trailed him across the wide hallway to the parlor , four roughly garbed and tough looking men who probably had never before ventured into such a house .
 He slumped against a log fence rail , then tried to lift himself . Two more shots   followed   in quick succession , dropping him limp and huddled on the ground . An inquest was held , and after a good deal of testimony about the anonymous notes , the county coroner estimated that the shooting had been done from a distance of 300 yards .
 Jess stumbled through the door . Curt   followed   , reaching behind him to shut the door and hook it . Black would have little trouble getting out , but it might delay him a few minutes .
 Pat pushed through first . Forced behind him momentarily , Russ   followed   at once and halted two steps inside . His eyes widened .
 He did not reply , going on toward the back . Less assured than the tall , wide shouldered man in the lead , Cobb   followed   alertly , a hand on his gun butt . The bartender measured this situation with heavy eyes and decided he wanted no part of it .
 Giving the other a dark look , he hauled his bronc around and trotted down off the street . Pat let him go ,   following   more leisurely . At the first restaurant he sensibly pulled up to go in for his dinner , and as a consequence did not see Cobb strike the open range at the mouth of the canyon and head straight across the swells for Antler .
 Hauling up , Russ listened carefully . Two minutes later it came again - a double explosion ,   followed   by a third , sounding more distant . As near as Cobb could determine the shots came from the direction of the Antler ranch house .
 Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face . When it was   followed   by a second , whining even closer , Cobb swerved sharply aside into a depression . He knew now what he was up against .
 Lights blazed in the big house and surrounding grounds . I   followed   a shrubbery lined gravel path alongside the house to the pool . Two uniformed officers , a couple of plain-clothesmen I knew , and two other men stood on a gray cement area next to the pool on my left .
 Wait for me , Laban , I 'll be dressed in half a second '' ! Frank   followed   her into the bedroom , hooked her dress up the back . `` Hurry , Frank !
 There was good fortune and there was bad and Philip Spencer , in handcuffs and ankle irons , knew it to be a truth . He expected nothing for himself but that which naturally   follows   those marked for misfortune . The red haired captain , towering above the prisoner as a symbol of decency and authority , was shocked to find himself looking with sympathy upon Philip Spencer .
 I shuddered and backed out of the room . Rachel   followed   , looked at me , and clucked with her tongue . We walked down the cool hall silently .
 She was most strange woman . Ready to   follow   her impulse . It was an impulse when she was here in Me ' a She ' arim - I was with her - that led her to stay in Israel .
 While he talked you would n't trade being a West Tennessee farmer for being anything else in the whole damned world , no matter if it had n't , in six weeks , rained enough to wet a rat 's ass . She glanced at the man nodding beside her , a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks , with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen , reflecting the sky and the drought which must   follow   now in August - yes , with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June , only festival time again and thoughts of Gratt Shafer would not leave her . `` I should have stayed at the store '' , she thought .
 The Anniston manager was coming over to the Riverside dugout . He was   followed   by four of his men . It began to look as if something was going to happen .
 `` Phil , come into my office '' , Eddie said . Phil   followed   Eddie into the office and shut the door . He sat down before Eddie 's desk .
 His elation grew as Barco 's seven disclosures brought to light one reward after another . Now did Welch truly become the man of the hour , and everything that   followed   in the procedure of Justice was a new triumph for him . It went to his head , and his ambition increased .
 How dared they demand to `` snoop '' in private financial records , disbursements , confidential contracts and agreements ? `` It is as though '' , I said on the historic three-hour , coast-to-coast radio broadcast which I bought (   following   Father Coughlin and pre empting the Eddie Cantor , Manhattan Merry-go-round and Major Bowes shows ) `` That Man in the White House , like some despot of yore , insisted on reading my diary , raiding my larder and ransacking my lingerie ! '' My impassioned plea for civil rights created a landslide of correspondence and one sponsor even asked me to consider replacing the Eddie Cantor comedy hour on a permanent basis .
 At least he could buy the equipment for his workshop . Thus committed , action might   follow   . He went down to Mills and Bradley 's Hardware Store and bought a full set of carpenter 's tools , including a rotary power saw and several other pieces of power machinery that Mr. Mills said were essential for babbiting and doweling , whatever they were .
 At least the moment was postponed when he had to face the mystery of the power tools . He   followed   Mr. Blatz up the cellar stairs . As usual , Mrs. Crombie was standing in the midst of a confusion of cooking utensils .
 Marcellus , the hero , is beset from all sides by the problems of approaching manhood . The story opens on the eve of his fifty-third birthday , as he prepares for the two weeks of festivities that are to   follow   . Suddenly , a messenger arrives and , just before collapsing dead at his feet , informs him that the Saracens have invaded Silesia , the home province of his affianced .
 Then , having wrapped the lot in an afghan my dog customarily slept on , you lammed out the front door , considerately leaving it open for neighbors to discover . So much for the tiresome facts , as familiar to you , I'm sure , as to the constables and state troopers who   followed   in your wake . The foregoing , aided by several clues I 'll withhold to keep you on your toes , will pursue you with a tenacity worthy of Inspector Javert , but before they close in , gird yourselves , I repeat , for a vengeance infinitely more pitiless .
 Commends those donors that have provided support to Burundi , and calls for rapid disbursement of funds committed at the Forum of Development Partners , held in Brussels on 13 and 14 January 2004 ; Requests the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi to continue to   follow   closely the humanitarian situation and economic and social conditions , to examine the transition from relief to development in Burundi and the way in which the international community supports the process and to report , as appropriate , to the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session in 2005 ; Decides to consider the reports of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi at its substantive session of 2005 , requests that the report of the Group to that session describe , inter alia , how the Group has fulfilled its mandate , and decides also to hold a discussion on the work of the Group and on how it has fulfilled its mandate ;
 The COP may wish to give preliminary guidance to the secretariat on how to prepare for that major event in the process of the Convention . Likewise , since the next session of the CSD will focus on thematic clusters including energy for sustainable development , the COP may wish to request the secretariat to   follow   actively deliberations of the Commission with a view to demonstrating that an effective implementation of the Convention constitutes an energy-saving endeavour , particularly in that afforestation and reforestation activities are major components of action programmes . Furthermore , should the international community decide to review the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation in 2007 , the COP may wish to guide the secretariat on activities preparatory to that event .
 Against that background , it is my pleasure to introduce the draft resolution entitled World Programme for Human Rights Education , contained in document A/59/L.65 . The text   follows   up on the General Assembly 's resolution on human rights education , resolution 59/113 A of 10 December 2004 , and the corresponding resolution of the Commission on Human Rights ; by this draft resolution , the Assembly would adopt the revised draft plan of action for the first phase of the World Programme for Human Rights Education . General Assembly resolutions on human rights education have traditionally had strong support from the international community , reflecting the importance that is attached to having an appropriate international framework for human rights education .
 This trend , which is expected to continue , should involve better targeting of social spending and strengthening of social institutions . Other regions with low-income countries should   follow   a similar pattern . Investments in infrastructure and human capital are the bedrock for increasing average productivity and for ensuring high growth over a sustained period of time .
 While advancing the traditional disarmament goals , it is important to seek new opportunities and respond to new challenges , thus comprehensively consolidating , strengthening and improving the current international arms control , disarmament and non-proliferation machinery , which is pivotal for maintaining world peace , security and stability . To promote the fair , rational , comprehensive and sound development of the international cause of arms control , disarmament and non-proliferation , the international community should   follow   the purposes and principles of the United Nations Charter and other universally recognized norms governing international relations. It should foster a new security concept featuring mutual trust , mutual benefit , equality and coordination , enhance mutual trust through dialogue and promote common security through cooperation . The right of all countries to equal participation in international arms control , disarmament and non-proliferation affairs should be guaranteed , and the international arms control , disarmament and non-proliferation process should be promoted on the basis that the security of no country should be diminished .
 Notes that the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty agreed that legally binding security assurances by the five nuclear-weapon States to the non-nuclear-weapon States parties to the Treaty strengthen the nuclear non-proliferation regime ; Urges the States parties to the Treaty to   follow   up on the implementation of the nuclear disarmament obligations under the Treaty agreed to at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences of the Parties to the Treaty within the framework of the 2010 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty and its preparatory committee ; Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its sixty-second session an item entitled Follow-up to nuclear disarmament obligations agreed to at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons .
 Addendum Pursuant to rule 11 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council , the Secretary-General is submitting the   following   summary statement . The list of items of which the Security Council is seized is contained in documents S/2005/15 of 25 February 2005 , S/2005/15/Add.20 of 31 May 2005 , S/2005/15/Add.21 of 7 June 2005 , S/2005/15/Add.27 of 19 July 2005 and S/2005/15/Add.29 of 3 August 2005 .
 In addition , $ 102 million of supplies were funded from GAVI . Vaccines and immunization supplies remained the largest commodity group at $ 376 million ,   followed   by educational supplies and medical equipment . Supply Division further developed key performance indicators to monitor its performance and a new emergency hub was opened in Dubai .
 Partnerships with global alliances and foundations remained strong . The United Nations Foundation , Rotary International and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria were the top three contributors to UNICEF in this group ,   followed   by GAVI and the Micronutrient Initiative . UNICEF continued to be one of the co-chairs of the Polio Advocacy Group , whose partners include Rotary International , WHO and the United Nations Foundation .
 Experts from the United Nations Development Programme -LRB- UNDP -RRB- /GEF , the Scientific and Technical Advisory Panel to the GEF -LRB- STAP/GEF -RRB- and the United Nations Environment Programme -LRB- UNEP -RRB- also cooperated in providing training . The secretariat continued to   follow   closely the activities of the Land Degradation Assessment in the Drylands -LRB- LADA -RRB- and the Millennium Ecosystem Assessment -LRB- MA -RRB- , including participation in meetings of the Technical Advisory Group of LADA , and the Executive Committee and Board of the MA . The programme supported the Executive management and policy programme in cooperation with the GEF .
 In accordance with decision 17/COP.5 , the GoE was established and is composed of 25 members .  Following   decision 15/COP.6 , the GoE was requested to prioritize its work programme , as well as focus on issues emerging from the review of national reports and other relevant reports and to advise the CRIC through the CST of the efficacy and adequacy of these programmes for implementing the Convention . The framework of the two-year work plan for the GoE includes the evaluation of the state of the art of common benchmarks and indicators systems for monitoring and assessment of desertification , as well as the evaluation and recommendation of guidelines for both short- and long-term early warning systems .
 10/2001 and the annexed guidelines define the criteria and principles to be followed by employees for detecting a suspicious transaction . Each bank puts in place internal measures comprising the steps to be   followed   by employees in cases where a money-laundering operation is suspected , steps which must necessarily be consistent with the Directive and guidelines . Effectiveness of customs , immigration and border control
 SOS-telephones for victims of violence function in Sarajevo , Banja Luka , Modria and Prijedor for now . According to the data of SOS service functioning at the territory of the Federation of BiH , in the period between 5 October 2000 to 5 October 2001 - a one year period - 329 persons called the SOS telephone , the highest percent of the calls for discontent from social reasons ,   followed   by physical violence , psychical violence , violence caused by alcoholism . For the purpose of providing protection for women victims of violence , a new SOS line with the number 1209 will be opened for protection of women and children from family violence .
 Pursuant to the same Law , every BiH citizen of 18 years of age has a right to vote and to be elected to legislative bodies at all levels of government in BiH . It   follows   from the above stated regulations that women and men have the same rights of participation in political and public life . Constitutional and legal active and passive voting right
 Constitutional and legal active and passive voting right The active and passive voting right assessed through the   following   provisions of Article II of the Constitution of BiH and Article II A.2 stipulate for the obligation of the state of BiH and Entities to ensure the highest possible level of internationally recognized human rights and fundamental freedoms : The Election Law of BiH - voting right and quota ,
 The first elections took place in September 1996 . Local authorities could not agree on design of permanent election law   following   which the elections would take place at all levels of government in Bosnia and Herzegovina , so the mandate was extended to the Provisional election Commission , and the Commission continued to implement all elections till 2000 -LRB- 1997 , 1998 , and 2000 -RRB- . During 1998 , the High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina formed a Working Group to design the Election law of BiH , which was passed by the Parliamentary Assembly of BiH in September 2001 -LRB- Official Gazette no.23/01 and no.14/02 -RRB- .
 According to the preliminary data of the Federal Institute for statistics , in FBiH , in 2001 , the leading cause of death of infants , with slight differences in case of male and female newborns , were certain states originating from the prenatal period -LRB- suffixation of the newborn , respiratory distress syndrome , disturbances related to shorter pregnancy and small weight , intracranial laceration , and bleeding due to injury at birth , infant sepsis bacteria , and intracranial non-traumatic bleeding -RRB- with a structure index of 58 , 9 % . These were   followed   by congenital malformations , deformations , and chromosome aberrations , -LRB- index 9 , 8 % -RRB- , and in the third place were the diseases of the circulatory system and the symptoms , signs , and abnormal clinical test results with the same structure index of 6 , 1 % . Next in line are the certain infective diseases with a participation in mortality of 4 , 7 % .
 Coping with the changing workplace and the need for the constant upgrading of skills is a difficult but essential task .  Following   the strategy of United Nations human resources departments , United Nations libraries can help address these issues through : leading knowledge management initiatives , coaching and training programmes , running workshops , interviewing , and applying knowledge assessment techniques . In return , human resources departments will be able to collaborate with the libraries by informing knowledge teams of training activities and the procurement of new management and technical training opportunities .
 The performances were given in Sarajevo and in Zenica before the full theatres . The festival was   followed   by over 200 domestic and foreign journalists , and about the same number of guests who took part in various festival activities . The international festival Sarajevo Winter is a traditional meeting of artists from the country and from the world. During the 20 years of its existence , this festival has been connecting artists and visitors from all over the world .
 The publisher who exhibited the largest production over this time was the Institute for Textbooks and Teaching Aids Srpsko Sarajevo that had published 141 titles . It is   followed   by : the Zadubina Petar Koi Banja Luka-Beograd , with 34 titles published , the Grafomark , Laktai , with 24 titles published , and the Glas srpski , Banja Luka and Besjeda , Banja Luka , with 20 new titles published by each of them . In total , 441 books were published in Republika Srpska .
 Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination During the year , having regard to the relevant provisions of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the Special Committee continued to   follow   the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination . Specialized agencies and international institutions associated with the United Nations
 Regional intergovernmental organizations Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the African Union , the Caribbean Community -LRB- CARICOM -RRB- and the Pacific Islands Forum on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of these regional intergovernmental organizations . Movement of Non-Aligned Countries
 In addition , an anti-terrorist police unit will be established under the new legislation on the creation , organization , mandate , composition and functioning of the national police , which has already been voted by the National Assembly and is awaiting promulgation by the President of the Republic , who is expected to do so shortly . The recent establishment of focal points will help to improve Burundi 's compliance with the provisions of resolution 1455 -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and to enable it to better   follow   the movement of terrorists . The recently established Ministry of Public Security is currently disseminating to the agencies concerned the consolidated list of members of the Al-Qaida network that is periodically updated by the Counter-Terrorism Committee of the Security Council .
 Moreover , the institutional arrangements supporting successful industrialization do not conform to a uniform pattern , and eclecticism and flexibility have been the hallmarks of the policy environment , allowing measures to be tailored to local economic circumstances and preferences regarding the trade-offs between rapid growth and social stability . Trying to replicate someone else 's blueprint or   following   best practice cases are unlikely to provide the right guide for policy makers looking to accelerate growth . That said , in the interplay of linkages making up a virtuous growth regime , capital accumulation seems to provide one important link from launching an industrial take-off to sustaining catch-up growth .
 Extraneous events can not  and should not  be used to distract the Commission from the mandate given to it by the Security Council to help identify the perpetrators , sponsors , organizers and accomplices in the terrorist act which was perpetrated in Beirut on 14 February 2005 . The next steps to be   followed   in the investigation and in the work of the Commission to assist the Lebanese authorities are clear : to continue to follow existing lines of enquiry on all aspects of the case ; to assess and follow-up new elements which are brought to the Commission 's attention ; to close out any lines of enquiry which no longer have a direct bearing on the case ; to receive at all times the full and unconditional cooperation of the Syrian authorities ; and to report on progress to the Security Council at regular intervals . Delays in proceeding with any one of those elements will inevitably have an impact on all of them .
 The individual inventory review shall identify any problems for which adjustments under Article 5 , paragraph 2 , would be appropriate and initiate procedures for calculation of adjustments . Problems should be identified as a failure to follow agreed guidelines under Article 5 , paragraph 2 , in preparing greenhouse gas inventories , as a failure to   follow   section I of the guidelines for the preparation of the information required under Article 7 , and as a failure to follow agreed methodologies for estimating and reporting activities under Article 3 , paragraphs 3 and 4 , as adopted by the COP/MOP . These may be further subdivided as problems of :
 Timing The review of the calculation of assigned amount pursuant to Article 3 , paragraphs 7 and 8 , as part of the initial review shall be concluded within one year of the due date for submission of the report to facilitate the calculation of the assigned amount pursuant to Article 3 , paragraphs 7 and 8 , referred to in paragraph 6 of the annex to decision -/CMP.1 -LRB- Modalities for the accounting of assigned amounts -RRB- and shall   follow   the time frames and procedures established in paragraph 93 below . The annual review of the information on ERUs , CERs , tCERs , lCERs , AAUs and RMUs reported in accordance with section I.E of the annex to decision -/CMP.1 -LRB- Article 7 -RRB- shall be concluded within one year of the due date for the submission of the information under Article 7 , paragraph 1 , and include the following steps :
 Reporting The   following   specific elements shall be included in the report referred to in paragraph 46 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- above : A technical assessment of the elements specified in paragraphs 123 and 125 above An identification of problems in accordance with paragraphs 127 and 128 above Any recommendations by the review team for further improvement of reporting by a Party included in Annex I . Part VII : Review of national communications and information on other commitments under the Kyoto Protocol
 The information submitted by the Party shall be reviewed expeditiously in accordance with these guidelines . The secretariat shall organize the review in the most expeditious way possible   following   the procedures established in these guidelines and taking into account the planned review activities in the regular review cycle . The secretariat shall convene an expert review team for conducting the expedited review procedures established in these guidelines in accordance with the relevant provisions of section E of part I of these guidelines and shall forward the information referred to in paragraph 3 above to this expert review team .
 Prime Minister Hariri tried hard to reconstruct modern Lebanon . He was a great nationalist and a good example to be   followed   . He was a formidable politician and a moderate politician , a friend of all .
 The ad hoc consultative group recognized that , where there is a local code on corporate governance , enterprises should follow a comply or explain rule wherein they disclose the extent to which they followed the local code 's recommendations and explain any deviations . Where there is no local code on corporate governance , companies should   follow   recognized international good practices . The use of comply or explain mechanisms in many countries allows investors and other stakeholders greater access to information about the corporation and is to be encouraged .
 Moreover , rule 19 of the rules of procedure states that the Bureau of the Commission is to consist of seven members -LRB- i.e. four members from Lists A and C combined , two members from List B and one member from List D referred to in the annex to General Assembly resolution 1995 -LRB- XIX -RRB- as amended -RRB- . Accordingly ,   following   the cycle of rotation established after UNCTAD IX , the bureau for the ninth session of the Commission will be as follows : Chairperson from List A -LRB- Africa -RRB- , Rapporteur from List C ; and five Vice-Chairpersons -LRB- 2 from List A and C combined , 2 from List B and 1 from List D -RRB- . Item 2 : Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
 Implementation reports In a letter to the Chairman of the sanctions Committee , the Government of Rwanda submitted an implementation report in accordance with paragraph 20 of resolution 1596 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and included submissions relating to the civil aviation sector on which the Group has   followed   up . The Rwanda Civil Aviation Authority has also reminded operators of their obligations under article 35 of the Chicago Convention and as stipulated in resolution 1596 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .
 The Chinese-Russian joint working paper should deserve further consideration at the CD . To conclude , Patricia Lewis looked expectantly at the next country to make a significant move to   follow   the Russian declaration of no-first deployment of weapon in space . Agenda
 Article 10 The Chairperson suggested that the article should read as   follows   : Upon being satisfied , after an examination of information available to it , that the circumstances so warrant , any State Party in whose territory a person alleged to have committed an offence of enforced disappearance is present shall take him or her into custody or take other legal measures to ensure his or her presence .
 Takes note with appreciation of the report of the Special Rapporteur -LRB- E/CN.4/2005/7 -RRB- and the attention given therein to specific categories of victims who are particularly vulnerable to or have been directly targeted for extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions , and the conclusions and recommendations contained therein , and invites States to give them due consideration ; Commends the important role the Special Rapporteur has played towards the elimination of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions , and encourages the Special Rapporteur to continue , within the framework of his mandate , to collect information from all concerned , to respond effectively to reliable information that comes before him , to   follow   up on communications and country visits and to seek the views and comments of Governments and to reflect them , as appropriate , in the elaboration of his reports ; Strongly urges all States to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that his mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when he so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission , and to respond to the communications transmitted to them by the Special Rapporteur ;
 C. Election of officers At its 7th and 8th meetings , on 27 May 2004 , the Commission had elected the   following   members of the Bureau of its eighth session by acclamation : Chairman :
 1.164 10 technical training workshops will have been provided to Relief and Social Services management staff . 1.165 The structure of the Relief and Social Services Programme is as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- Relief Services
 The Press Service of the Defence Ministry of the Nagorno Karabakh Republic warns once again that any actions of the Azerbaijani party that threaten the security of the Nagorno Karabakh Republic and can lead to the destabilization of the situation in the Azerbaijani-Karabakh conflict zone will be resolutely suppressed . The Press Service of the Defence Ministry of the Nagorno Karabakh Republic appeals to the Azerbaijani side to strictly   follow   the ceasefire regime and not to threaten the peace and security in the region . Stepanakert 8 March 2005
 The results would be allocated to development assistance through a solidarity fund which could be coordinated with contributions from other countries . The United Kingdom and Chile had already announced their intention to set up a similar plan , and it was to be hoped that other States would   follow   suit at the international conference on the initiative , to be held in February 2006 in Paris . France supported the effective implementation of the Cooperation Agreement signed in September 2004 between UNIDO and the United Nations Development Programme -LRB- UNDP -RRB- .
 National human rights institutions had also made important contributions in the reporting process . CRC members explained that they had considered introducing a procedure to   follow   up concluding observations but had decided that it was not yet appropriate owing to the Committee 's heavy workload and the backlog of States parties ' reports awaiting review . A subregional workshop on follow-up to concluding observations of the Committee had been held in Bangkok in November 2004 , and similar workshops would be held in Latin America in 2005 .
 The Committee is concerned at reports of the disparate impact of this law on indigenous groups , and reminds the State party that the Convention prohibits direct as well as indirect discrimination -LRB- art . The Committee recommends that the State party take appropriate measures to achieve abrogation of such legislation ,   following   the example of the Northern Territory . The Committee further stresses the role and responsibility of the Federal Government in this regard under the Convention .
 The Conference of the Parties Decides that the preparation of decision guidance documents by the Chemical Review Committee pursuant to Article 7 of the Convention shall   follow   the process set out in the flow chart and explanatory notes contained in the annex to the present decision . Annex to decision RC-2/2
 Support for cooperation between national and Arab scientific research institutions and centres that conduct family-related studies on the one hand and Arab and international organizations on the other for the purpose of gathering data and statistics relating to families , in accordance with criteria and classifications that take into account widely disparate family types and their several environments , and for the purpose of conducting field research and surveys on the situation of the Arab family and how it is being affected by contemporary changes ; Support for research and training mechanisms within Arab and international organizations , deeming them to be being well placed to   follow   up and monitor the extent of progress achieved in implementing the content of the Strategy ; Development of the institutional structure of national community associations and mobilization of their capacities and resources , and strengthening solidarity and coordination among them in cooperation with relevant Arab and international organizations ;
 In paragraph 15 of that resolution , the Council requested me to appoint , in consultation with the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1521 -LRB- 2003 -RRB- concerning Liberia , no more than five experts with the appropriate range of expertise , in particular on arms , timber , diamonds , finance , humanitarian and socio-economic and any other relevant issues . Accordingly , I wish to inform you that , taking into account the requirements stated in resolution 1607 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , including that I draw as much as possible on the expertise of the members of the Panel of Experts established pursuant to resolution 1579 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , I have appointed the   following   five experts : Arthur Gregory Blundell -LRB- Canada -RRB-
 In 2001 , over 140 , 000 people across the United States participated in the clean-up . They removed about 3.6 million pounds -LRB- 1 , 600 tonnes -RRB- of debris from more than 7 , 700 miles -LRB- 12 , 320 km -RRB- of coasts , shorelines and underwater sites ; -LRB- c -RRB- the National Marine Debris Monitoring Program is designed to gather scientifically valid marine debris data   following   a rigorous statistical protocol . This scientific research is carried out every 28 days by teams of volunteers at randomly selected study sites along the United States coastline .
 Recommendation of the First Committee The First Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft resolution : African Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone Treaty
 Not all developing regions have participated equally in the emergence of international investment flows . The internationalization of business firms from developing countries is furthest along in East Asia ,   followed   by Latin America . OFDI from the BRIC countries - Brazil , Russia , India and China - is now growing rapidly and looks set to dominate OFDI activity from developing countries in the future -LRB- Sauvant 2005 -RRB- .
 Other SMEs with successful overseas ventures include B4U Multimedia International -LRB- which has music and entertainment channels in 50 countries -RRB- , Cipla Ltd. -LRB- a small drug manufacturer -RRB- and ACE Laboratories -LRB- a pharmaceutical firm -RRB- . Half of India 's OFDI in 1999-2004 was in manufacturing -LRB- especially fertilizers , pesticides and seeds , drugs and pharmaceuticals -RRB- ,   followed   by non-financial services , including IT services and business process outsourcing . Building brand names has been a driving factor in such acquisitions as Daewoo Commercial Vehicle by Tata Motors , Infosys Technologies ' acquisition of Expert Information Services -LRB- Australia -RRB- , and Ranbaxy Technologies ' acquisition of RPG Aventis -LRB- France -RRB- .
 Introduction The Committee welcomes the submission of the State party 's initial report , which   follows   the guidelines for reporting , but regrets that it was submitted more than 10 years late . The Committee also welcomes the written replies to its list of issues -LRB- CRC/C/Q/ANG/1 -RRB- and the additional information provided to it during the dialogue .
 Many of its proposals are still current today , although in the 12 years that have elapsed since the research was done the world has , of course , not stood still . Russia has already proactively taken a number of confidence-building measures in space and we hope that our example will be   followed   by other States which have their own space programmes . In particular , our Ministry of Foreign Affairs website now contains timely information on upcoming launches of spacecraft and on their purpose .
 If all the leading space States took a similar policy initiative , we would be able to contribute significantly to reducing the motivation to weaponize space . Once again , we call on all States which have space potential to   follow   our example . We are pleased to draw attention to the fact that on 23 June 2005 , the leaders of States parties to the Collective Security Treaty Organization  Armenia , Belarus , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Russia and Tajikistan  made an official statement to the effect that those States would not be the first to put any kind of weapons in space .
 The Millennium Declaration clearly identifies the goals that must be met by 2015 . The Monterrey Consensus and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation set out the process to be   followed   and the responsibilities that must be assumed if there is to be concerted , comprehensive and consistent action at the national , regional and international levels . It has been shown that traditional resources , in the form of development assistance , for which the industrialized world should allocate 0.7 per cent of its gross national product , would not be sufficient  even if that goal were reached  to finance the tasks that must be carried out if we are to achieve the goals that we have set ourselves .
 While doubts were expressed regarding the necessity for the inclusion of the word international , the Working Group agreed to keep it in the provision in square brackets pending its consideration of draft article 2 . Another issue raised for the consideration of the Working Group was whether to retain or to delete the   following   final phrase in that definition :  -LSB- A contract that contains an option to carry the goods by sea shall be deemed to be a contract of carriage provided that the goods are actually carried by sea . -RSB-  A view was expressed in support of retaining this phrase and deleting the square brackets around it .
 The same applies to cases where a financier 's involvement amounts to incitement or aiding and abetting in the accomplishment of the act . It further   follows   from the aforementioned provision of Chapter 34 a , section 5 -LRB- 4 -RRB- of the Penal Code that a person shall not be punished for the financing of terrorism if a more severe sentence may be imposed in application of other provisions of law . Under the Finnish legal system , however , a relatively severe maximum punishment may be imposed for the financing of terrorism .
 For all violations considered criminal offences , the possible implementation of targeted individual measures is without prejudice to the recourse to appropriate legal proceedings  Ivorian , foreign or international . The Group notes that the day-to-day Mediation Group , co-chaired by South Africa and the Special Representative of the Secretary-General and comprising the High Representative of the United Nations for the elections as well as the representatives of the African Union and ECOWAS , has been meeting regularly and has been   following   up effectively the evolution of the peace process . It has noted with concern the manoeuvres and practices contrary to that process as well as the violations of human rights registered by the Mediation Group in its first report and invites it again to bring to the attention of the Group any obstacle to the peace process .
 Outside Ituri , since mid-January , some 500 children have also been released from a range of military units in operations organized by the United Nations Children 's Fund , MONUC , the National Commission for Disarmament , Demobilization and Reintegration and child protection partners in collaboration with FARDC , particularly in the Kivus and Maniema . MONUC also   followed   up on the arrests of some 26 street children in Mbuji-Mayi on 19 January , after authorities ordered a clean-up following renewed tensions between diamond diggers and street youths . Despite child protection groups ' advocacy and officials ' verbal promises , few concrete measures have been taken to protect the children , who continue to suffer prejudice and discrimination .
 Upon receiving the Office of Internal Oversight Services reports on individual cases , the Department of Peacekeeping Operations transmitted them to the troop-contributing countries concerned , requesting them to take swift disciplinary action . The Department has since   followed   up with those Member States , requesting information on the status of these cases . The observation of the Office of Internal Oversight Services that there was a pattern of sexual exploitation by uniformed personnel involving women and girls is a source of major concern , which is now being addressed in a comprehensive manner by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and MONUC .
 Stresses that every person regardless of nationality , race , sex , religion or any other distinction , has a right to protection from terrorism and terrorist acts , 4. Insert two new operative paragraphs after operative paragraph 3 , reading as   follows   : Urges all States to deny safe haven to terrorists ,
 The ring product list of 950 consumption items has been finalized in close cooperation with the regional coordinators . The regions plan to publish PPPs in stages , starting with preliminary estimates for consumption in the third and fourth quarters of 2006 and   followed   by PPPs at the gross domestic product -LRB- GDP -RRB- level in subsequent quarters . The preliminary PPPs and volume indices will be based on expenditure weights drawn from earlier years and the estimated 2005 GDP .
 In this case , the inconsistencies in the complainant 's evidence were extensive and fundamental to his claim . The State party recalls that , while not bound to   follow   a domestic tribunal 's findings of fact , the Committee will give considerable weight to the facts found by such a tribunal . Therefore , appropriate weight should be given to the findings of RRT taking note of the inconsistencies in the complainant 's evidence before the domestic authorities .
 He/she helps identify emerging issues relating to the leadership of the Mission and its mandate , prepares confidential reports and briefs of the Special Representative for the direct attention of the Secretary-General , reviews draft speeches , statements and press releases prepared for the Special Representative and keeps records and notes of his meetings. He/she also accompanies the Special Representative during international visits and liaises with host authorities and foreign dignitaries ; -LRB- d -RRB- The Special Assistant to the Director -LRB- P-4 -RRB- brings politically sensitive issues and matters of strategic significance to the attention of the Director and of the Special Representative , proposes options and recommendations to the Director ,   follows   up on issues and ensures that policy advice is provided in a coordinated and integrated manner in line with the priorities of the Mission . -LRB- e -RRB- The Protocol Officer -LRB- revised downward from P-4 to P-3 -RRB- provides guidance and advice to the senior management of the Mission on all protocol matters , and coordinates the participation of the Mission 's senior management in official functions in liaison with the host authorities , the diplomatic corps and high-level representatives of international and regional governmental and non-governmental organizations , including the Core Group and other high level contacts .
 The review was undertaken both in the Committee on Rules and Judicial Practice and in the plenary . In considering such legal and judicial matters , the Tribunal   followed   closely the developments of the rules of procedure of the International Court of Justice and other international courts or tribunals . Procedure for revision or interpretation of a judgement or order
 Policy options for adequate monitoring systems and response strategies for climate change impacts on terrestrial and marine ecosystems ; Policy frameworks for implementing adaptation measures and response strategies in the context of coastal zone management , disaster preparedness , agriculture , fisheries , and forestry , with a view to integrating climate change impact information into national planning processes . Reporting Non-Annex I Parties generally   followed   the UNFCCC guidelines in reporting impacts , vulnerability and adaptation . Although the information centred on Parties ' current and future vulnerability and adaptation options , measures and strategies , information was also provided on the methods and approaches used in vulnerability and adaptation assessments , limitations of methods and tools , problems and difficulties encountered , sectors studied , methods for analysing and evaluating adaptation needs and priorities for financial and technical support , and institutional arrangements and networking .
 Title of the declaration Morocco proposes that the title agreed by the General Assembly appear as the heading of the draft declaration , as   follows   : Synergies and responses : strategic alliances in crime prevention and criminal justice . Operative paragraph 2
 The members of the Council have agreed on the terms of reference of the mission , which are annexed hereto . Following consultations with the members , it has been agreed that the composition of the mission is as   follows   : Vassilakis -LRB- Greece -RRB- Ambassador Kenzo Oshima -LRB- Japan -RRB- Ambassador Lauro L .
 His Government was doing everything possible , including the adoption of legislation and the development of cooperation with other States , to prevent possible transfers through its territory of any components , materials and technology related to weapons of mass destruction . Under the European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- Action Plan for the Republic of Moldova , signed in February 2005 , his Government was committed to   following   the EU Strategy against Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction and its export control regimes . His Government was also committed to the goals of the Group of Eight -LRB- G-8 -RRB- Global Partnership against the Spread of Weapons and Materials of Mass Destruction , and to the Proliferation Security Initiative .
 Steps had been taken to disseminate awareness of the Optional Protocol to the Convention , including the holding of a press conference and the publication of a comprehensive brochure , and a special training course for legal professionals had also been introduced . Under Paraguayan law , the Constitution was paramount , and was   followed   in turn by ratified conventions , special laws , resolutions and acts , or decrees . However , article 145 of the Constitution provided for a supranational legal order , which guaranteed the validity of certain decisions relating to human rights and other areas .
 This is why , my dear compatriots , having listened to people from all social and occupational backgrounds in the country and taking note of the Pretoria Agreement and the recommendations of the Mediator , I consulted the President of the National Assembly and the President of the Constitutional Council. Following those consultations , I decided to implement article 48 of our Constitution. As of today , I will take such exceptional measures as the situation requires . I therefore hereby decide the   following   : In accordance with the letter from the South African Mediator , the candidates presented by the political parties that signed the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement are hereby declared eligible for the October 2005 presidential elections only .
 As set out in Article 16 , it is proposed that the GMP be comprised of rRegional and gGlobal organizsational elements . Regional information gathering and assessments would be planned , organisedorganized , and implemented on a regional basis   following   an agreed global framework Global element : It is recommended that the Conference of the Parties establish a subsidiary body that could be called the Global Co-ordinating Group -LRB- GCG -RRB- to oversee all elements of the GMP .
 Regional implementation groups -LRB- RIGs -RRB- OOrganize regional information- gathering activity   following   the framework of the guidance document RIGs OOrganize preparation of the regional assessment reports
 They are also responsible for all arrangements such as travel to New York City , transit , ground transportation , attention to special health and medical considerations , secretariat and telecommunication services , and for the delegation 's programme of activities that are not related to the High-level Plenary Meeting and the general debate . Procedures at United Nations Headquarters during the High-level Plenary Meeting of the General Assembly for the period from 14 to 16 September 2005 :   following   past practice , the authorities of the United States of America will provide transportation -LRB- one vehicle -RRB- and security protection to Heads of State/Government and some heads of delegations during their stay in New York . Regardless of the size of the motorcade , only two vehicles  the car with the principal and the car with security  will be allowed to enter the United Nations through the 43rd Street gate and to discharge their passengers at the Delegates ' Entrance to the General Assembly Building .
 `Electronic means ' of communicating , publishing , exchanging or storing information or documents means the generation , exchange , sending , receipt or storage of information or documents by electronic , optical or comparable means including , but not limited to , electronic data interchange -LRB- EDI -RRB- , electronic mail , telegram , telex or telecopy . `Electronic means ' of assembly of persons for any purpose under this Law means any method of assembly whereby those assembled can   follow   and participate in the proceedings by electronic means of communication. -LRB- b -RRB- Variant B
 Opening of tenders -LRB- 4 -RRB- Where the procurement proceedings were conducted electronically in accordance with -LSB- insert provisions dealing with electronic communications , reverse auctions and other fully automated procedures , if any -RSB- , suppliers or contractors shall be deemed to have been permitted to be present at the opening of the tenders if they are allowed to   follow   the opening of the tenders through electronic means of communication used by the procuring entity . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Where suppliers or contractors are permitted to follow the opening of the tenders through electronic means of communication used by the procuring entity in accordance with article 33 -LRB- 4 -RRB- , they shall be deemed to have been permitted to be present at the opening of tenders in accordance with the requirements of article 33 -LRB- 2 -RRB- .
 The Parties shall decide on the establishment of appropriate funding mechanisms of a voluntary nature. As a   follow   up to the above mandate , the Basel Convention has established regional centres for delivering technical assistance in Argentina , China , Egypt , El Salvador , Indonesia , Islamic Republic of Iran , Nigeria , Senegal , Slovak Republic , Russian Federation , South Africa , Trinidad and Tobago , Samoa and Uruguay. The core functions of Basel Convention regional centres -LRB- BCRCs -RRB- are training , technology transfer , information , consulting , and awareness-raising . The BCRCs are carrying out these core functions by :
 It is estimated that developing countries spent $ 11 billion for population activities in 2003 . The largest amount was mobilized in Asia -LRB- $ 8.1 billion -RRB- ,   followed   by Latin America and the Caribbean -LRB- $ 1.7 billion -RRB- , sub-Saharan Africa -LRB- $ 503 million -RRB- , Western Asia and Northern Africa -LRB- $ 411 million -RRB- and Eastern and Southern Europe -LRB- $ 212 million -RRB- . Domestic expenditures are estimated to have increased to $ 12.5 billion in 2004 from $ 11 billion in 2003 and they are projected to increase again to $ 12.7 billion in 2005 .
 Brigade , sector and contingent commanders have been requested to regularly complete a regional action plan checklist and provide it to the Office for Addressing Sexual Exploitation and Abuse . The inter-agency focal point network on sexual exploitation and abuse , chaired by MONUC , is   following   a joint approach to combating sexual exploitation and abuse . Common standards and procedures are being developed in six key areas : the code of conduct ; training materials and strategies ; standardization of procedures for the referral of complaints within an agency ; community outreach ; standardization of procedures for implementing partners of United Nations agencies and MONUC in compliance with the Secretary-General 's bulletin -LRB- ST/SGB/2003/13 -RRB- on special measures for protection from sexual exploitation and sexual abuse ; and the transmission of complaints received by one agency about an incident involving a staff member of another agency .
 Tourism is the primary economic activity , accounting for more than 60 per cent of GDP . It is   followed   by the manufacturing sector , which consists of petroleum refining , textiles , electronics , pharmaceuticals and watch and jewellery assembly.22 For the first half of fiscal year 2004 , economic health , as measured by employment and output , was mixed .
 Labour Employers in the United States Virgin Islands must   follow   federal and territorial labour laws , such as those regulating minimum wages , occupational health and safety standards and payment of Social Security tax and unemployment insurance . In recent years , the Government has focused on reducing employment in all three branches of Government , while promoting private enterprise and investments to create new jobs .
 In using one or the other of those expressions , the Commission would be taking a position in favour of one of those schools , which did not do justice to the complex reality of the regime of reservations . Although Sir Derek Bowett had urged the Commission to use the terms permissible/impermissible and the Commission had initially   followed   his lead , the Special Rapporteur thought that a reservation could be valid or invalid on grounds other than permissibility . Furthermore , the terms permissibility/impermissibility could be misleading , given their relationship to the topic of State responsibility .
 In this regard , we welcome the recent proposal by the G-8 to cancel 100 per cent of outstanding debt owed by 18 countries , including 14 from Africa . I would like to appeal to all creditors to   follow   this noble example , because debt cancellation has the potential to assist the poor countries in achieving the MDGs and , hence , attaining national economic recovery and economic transformation . Another challenge for Malawi is that my country finds it hard to be integrated into the global trading system , partly due to the lack of products that meet high quality standards , but also due to an unfair and inequitable global trading system .
 With regard to Iraq , Greece underlines the importance of its territorial integrity and unity in the framework of a federal system . We remain particularly concerned , however , about the ongoing violence , which makes it imperative to   follow   the timetable of the political process that will lead the country to normalcy , which is of vital importance for peace and stability in the entire region . We fully support Iraq in this difficult mission .
 The member States had established the Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court , the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank , the Eastern Caribbean Telecommunications Authority and the Directorate of Civil Aviation . They were   following   a common approach in such areas as education , export development , social development and pharmaceutical procurement services . Trinidad and Tobago therefore supported the request of the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States for observer status in the General Assembly .
 I thank the Secretary-General for his report -LRB- S/2005/740 -RRB- and Under-Secretary-General Jan Egeland for his presentation .  Following   your wise recommendation , Sir , I shall not read out the full text that we have prepared ; the written version will be circulated to delegations . I shall limit myself to summarizing a few points .
 In response to this analysis , the Committee for the Participation of Women from Ethnic Minorities in the Labour Market -LRB- AVEM -RRB- made a number of recommendations in March 2002 . The most important ones were as   follows   : improvements in integration programmes ; better identification and utilisation of skills ; expansion of childcare provision ; incentives for workforce participation ; improved methods for reaching target groups ; measures to combat the poverty trap ; providing direction , monitoring and evaluating results . In response to the Committee 's recommendations , the government took measures aimed at eliminating obstacles to the participation of ethnic minority women in the labour market and at reaching this group more effectively .
 In activities during times of crisis , the Defence Forces have committed to follow conventions on the international rules of war that are included in national legislation and ratified by Finland , and the activity of troops in accordance with IHL principles has been included in training given by the Defence Forces . In answering this question , States are encouraged to address , among other issues , the   following   specific questions : -LRB- i -RRB- Are the principles reflected in military doctrine and military manuals ?
 The children start with stories from the Old Testament ; the main lesson appearing is that the worst thing a person can do is to disobey God . Subsequently , the Gospel is introduced , where the faith in a leader and   follow   him is put forward as an ideal . This is again followed by similar narrative from other religions .
 4.1 By submission of 9 February 2003 , the State party contested the admissibility of the communication for failure properly to exhaust domestic remedies . The State party offers its account of the material facts in the   following   terms to the extent that they differ or supplement the author 's account : the three suspects arrived at the warehouse , with Mr. R driving. Mr. F was the first to enter the warehouse and was accosted by Officer P who identified himself and ordered him to surrender . Mr. F struck the officer in the face and ran out screaming danger to his accomplices .
 The population estimates for states of the United States of America have been taken from http : //quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/12000.html . As can been seen from table 2 , the largest number of recorded executions has been carried out in China ,   followed   by the Islamic Republic of Iran , Saudi Arabia , the United States and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Substantial numbers of executionsover 100 during the five-year survey periodwere also carried out in Singapore , Viet Nam and Yemen . Raw numbers can , of course , be misleading when countries vary so greatly in the size of their populations .
 Raw numbers can , of course , be misleading when countries vary so greatly in the size of their populations . Thus , Singapore had by far the highest rate of executions -LRB- 6.9 per million per annum -RRB-   followed   by Saudi Arabia -LRB- 3.7 -RRB- and Jordan -LRB- 2.1 -RRB- . Only three countries -LRB- China , the Islamic Republic of Iran and Saudi Arabia -RRB- executed more persons in the period 1999-2003 than the United States , yet that country as a whole had one of the lowest average annual rates of executions -LRB- 0.27 -RRB- per one million of the population of the countries included in table 2 .
 Moreover , rule 19 of the rules of procedure states that the Bureau of the Commission is to consist of seven members -LRB- i.e. four members from Lists A and C combined , two members from List B and one member from List D , referred to in the annex to General Assembly resolution 1995 -LRB- XIX -RRB- as amended -RRB- . Accordingly ,   following   the cycle of rotation established after UNCTAD IX , the bureau for the tenth session of the Commission will be as follows : Chairperson from List A -LRB- Africa -RRB- ; Rapporteur from List B ; and five Vice-Chairpersons -LRB- 3 from Lists A and C combined , 1 from List B and 1 from List D -RRB- . Item 2 : Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
 This arrangement also complicates coordination at lower levels and lengthens the information transmission and reaction time , because reports must necessarily go up and down the two separate reporting lines . The third model   follows   the principle of unity of command , wherein all military units are under the operational authority of the FC . An example of this model is shown below for UNMIL .
 Other claims failed as the medical reports appeared to contain alterations to the date of injury or were otherwise considered to be unreliable . The   following   claims are illustrative of the types of D2 and D3 losses reviewed by the Panel . UNCC claim No. 3012161
 Under the draft constitution , the Governor alone has responsibility for internal security -LRB- including policing -RRB- , external affairs and defence . Although the Governor is obliged to consult with the Executive Council regarding actions to be taken in these areas , he is not required to   follow   the advice given . Under the draft constitution , there would no longer be a Chief Secretary , but a new office of Deputy Governor would be created to assist the Governor in the exercise of his or her functions .
 -LRB- a -RRB- Education : high school diploma or equivalent ; -LRB- b -RRB- Passing the   following   qualifying tests :  Typing test -LRB- 54 words per minute -RRB-
 At its thirty-second session , in 1977 , the General Assembly approved the Agreement on Cooperation and Relationships between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization -LRB- resolution 32/156 -RRB- . At its fifty-sixth session , the General Assembly emphasized the need for the promotion of a responsible and sustainable tourism that could be beneficial to all sectors of society ; encouraged the World Tourism Organization to promote effective follow-up to the Global Code of Ethics for Tourism , with the involvement of relevant stakeholders in the tourism sector ; and requested the Secretary-General to   follow   up developments related to the implementation of the resolution based on the reports of the World Tourism Organization and to report thereon to the Assembly at its fifty-ninth session -LRB- resolution 56/212 -RRB- . At its resumed fifty-eighth session , in September 2004 , the General Assembly decided to consider the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolution 56/212 at its sixtieth session , instead of at its fifty-ninth session -LRB- decision 58/573 -RRB- .
 The Board elected Mr. Levan Lomidze -LRB- Georgia -RRB- as Rapporteur .  Following   established practice , the Board agreed that the Regional Coordinators and China , and the Chairmen of the Sessional Committees , would be fully associated with the work of the Bureau of the Board . -LRB- b -RRB- Adoption of the agenda and organization of the work of the session
 Feedback from stakeholders on the work of the subregional offices and their impact was only occasionally obtained . To serve any useful purpose , evaluations should be done on a regular basis and   follow   common norms and standards . C. Staff training needs improvement
 For over a decade now our member organizations have helped victims of the Chernobyl disaster and continue to provide medical help to Ukraine . During the reporting period , our NGO representatives have also closely   followed   CEDAW proceedings , the Ukrainian -LRB- and other -RRB- state government reports and NGO shadow reports . Our Organization has long expressed concern over the trafficking of women .
 Background Access to information and knowledge-sharing tools can help Parliaments connect and network globally , learn about and   follow   up on national and international legal frameworks and laws , sustain inter-parliamentary dialogue , foster parliamentary learning networks on global issues and maintain more effective linkage and consultations with their local constituencies . However , the potential of ICT to modernize Parliaments in Africa is still largely untapped .
 At its first , second and third sessions , the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues had identified as a major methodological challenge the application of the principle of free , prior and informed consent concerning indigenous peoples .  Following   the recommendation of the Forum at its third session , the Economic and Social Council , in its decision 2004/287 , of 22 July 2004 , decided to authorize a technical three-day workshop on free , prior and informed consent , with the participation of representatives of the United Nations system and other interested intergovernmental organizations , experts from indigenous organizations , interested States and three members of the Forum , and requested the Workshop to report to the Forum at its fourth session , under the special theme of the session . The Workshop was organized by the secretariat of the Forum .
 Recommendation of the First Committee The First Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft resolution : Question of Antarctica
 At its fourteenth session , which will be held following the Eleventh Congress , from 23 to 27 May 2005 , the Commission will give priority attention to the conclusions and recommendations of the Eleventh Congress , with a view to recommending , through the Council , appropriate follow-up by the Assembly . The   following   regional preparatory meetings were held to prepare for the Eleventh Congress : African Regional Preparatory Meeting , held in Addis Ababa from 1 to 3 March 2004 ; Asian and Pacific Regional Preparatory Meeting , held in Bangkok from 29 to 31 March 2004 ; Latin American and the Caribbean Regional Preparatory Meeting , held in San Jos from 19 to 21 April 2004 ; and the Western Asian Regional Preparatory Meeting , held in Beirut from 28 to 30 April 2004 . Date and venue
 The SCCF funds projects in priority areas of intervention with a longer-term approach and strategy . She noted that the top priority area of the SCCF is adaptation ,   followed   by technology transfer . In the general discussions that followed , participants highlighted why innovative finance is needed , and what types of capacity-building initiatives are needed for financing .
 In addition , 7 annual tranches of 41 on-going national phase-out plans have been completed , which also include customs training and licensing activities . The majority of customs training projects are implemented by UNEP -LRB- 56 -RRB- ,   followed   by UNIDO -LRB- 14 -RRB- , Canada -LRB- 11 -RRB- , Australia -LRB- 8 -RRB- and France -LRB- 6 -RRB- . UNEP implemented most of the 11 customs training projects approved for Canada , all 8 approved for Australia in the Pacific Island Countries -LRB- PIC 's -RRB- and 1 approved for France .
 The recommendation of the World Customs Organization -LRB- WCO -RRB- issued on 28 June 2003 may be of great assistance for this purpose . NOUs and Implementing Agencies might consider suggesting the development of electronic licensing systems , including on-line intranets   following   the example of some Article 5 countries . It is also recommended that countries might adapt their customs registry systems so that the requirement to introduce a license number can be associated with the customs code of corresponding ODS .
 Particular mention should be made of the need to implement earlier commitments , of additionality in relation to ODA and of the voice and participation of developing countries in international economic decision-making . His delegation would welcome suggestions from the Under-Secretary-General regarding the course of action to be   followed   in negotiating and formulating draft resolutions on that issue . Mr. Hackett -LRB- Barbados -RRB- said that many developing countries , particularly in the middle-income category , were small economies caught between servicing their debts and financing their development .
 Another concern expressed was that additional amendments might be required to address the fact that the principle of functional equivalence made electronic procurement of all kinds possible and not only electronic reverse auctions . Some suggested that the Secretariat should   follow   the approach of amending each relevant article of the Model Law and refine what was proposed in A/CN.9/WG.I/WP.40/Add.1 . The Working Group 's attention was also drawn to the fact that , with constantly evolving technological solutions and their introduction to procurement processes , it would be difficult to place electronic reverse auctions in a fixed structure and therefore sufficient flexibility in that regard should be retained .
 In paragraph 42 , the Board recommended that the Administration ensure that reconciliation of the recorded figures is made as soon as the audited financial statements are available and process necessary adjustments accordingly . UNEP accepts the recommendation and states that   following   the recommendation , the Administration has immediately reconciled the figures and processed necessary adjustments upon receipt of the audited financial statements . In paragraph 50 , the Board recommended that the UNEP Regional Office for Europe make representation with UNEP headquarters , the United Nations Office at Geneva and the United Nations Office at Nairobi , to rectify the overexpenditure incurred under the Technical Cooperation Trust Fund for Provision of Junior Professional Officers as at the end of the biennium 2004-2005 .
 Assistance will also be provided in improving the Committee 's cooperation with the administering Powers , maintaining contacts with the representatives of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and developing relations with the organizations and agencies of the United Nations system , aimed at achieving further progress in decolonization and bringing a complete end to colonialism . Supportive actions will include closely   following   the developments in the Non-Self-Governing Territories , conducting research and preparing working papers , reports and analytical and briefing materials . In addition , in cooperation with the Department of Public Information , information material , including publications and audio and visual programmes related to decolonization will be prepared and disseminated to a wide audience , with a view to increasing the awareness of the international community with regard to the decolonization issues as well as in mobilizing international support for the achievement of the complete eradication of colonialism .
 It will seek to raise awareness of Africa 's development issues through advocacy and catalytic activities , participation at key forums , promotion of United Nations system coordination , promotion of South-South cooperation and interface with the civil society and private sector . In addition , it will closely monitor and   follow   up on existing commitments made in connection with recent international conferences and other initiatives . 9.7 In view of the interlinkages between peace and development in Africa , the subprogramme will analyse and draw attention to the root causes of conflict in African countries , monitor early warning signals and advise on steps which need to be taken to mitigate conflicts in African countries .
 The provisional annotated agenda and organization of work are contained in document E/ICEF/2005/10 . All documentation for the session is available on the UNICEF Web site at the   following   address : www.unicef.org/about/execboard/index 25993.html . Other forthcoming meetings
 The outcome of these studies was assessed by the NEO Mission Advisory Panel -LRB- NEOMAP -RRB- of ESA , an independent board of recognized experts on various aspects of the NEO problem .  Following   presentation of the NEOMAP recommendations in July 2004 , work is now focused on the Don Quijote mission concept . That concept has been prioritized , mainly from a technological perspective , as it offers the greatest potential for a significant mission return ; it has also been prioritized from a scientific perspective .
 For the first time Russia unilaterally and unconditionally declared that it would not be the first to deploy weapons of any kind in outer space . We call on all States that have space potential to   follow   our example . This declaration was an important and responsible step .
 In a number of work areas , the new and expanded tasks assigned by the Parties require increased resources as compared to the baseline . The   following   section presents those areas , along with the options chosen to offset the increase in each one of them and minimize the overall growth in requirements to almost zero . Balancing incremental needs and available resources The Executive Secretary proposes no new posts in the new core programme budget -LRB- see table 3 -RRB- .
 Since July 2004 , all enhancements to the Atlas system have been managed in accordance with its change management framework . In paragraph 246 of the report , UNDP agreed with the Board 's recommendation that it : -LRB- a -RRB- determine a standard time frame for the timely issuance of reports ; and -LRB- b -RRB- monitor compliance with those standards on a regular basis while documenting and   following   up the reasons for any significant delays . Comment by the Administration .
 The standard time frame for the issuance of audit reports is to be examined as part of the review of its audit procedures . Monitoring compliance and   following   up reasons for delays will be a key responsibility of the quality assurance officer . In paragraph 256 of the report , UNDP agreed with the Board 's recommendation that it : -LRB- a -RRB- update the current treasury policies and procedures to bring them into line with best practices , taking into account the restructuring process and the implementation of the Atlas system ; and -LRB- b -RRB- incorporate all management reporting policies and procedures into the treasury policy and procedures .
 According to data from the International Telecommunication Union -LRB- ITU -RRB- , the number of Internet users continues to grow at a fast pace , having reached 875.6 million at the end of 2004 , a 22.7 per cent increased compared to 2003 . Asia is now the continent with the largest Internet population ,   followed   by Europe , while Africa experienced the highest growth rate between 2003 and 2004 . In terms of countries , the United States has the largest Internet population , with over 185 million at the end of 2004 , about twice as many as the second , China .
 A key challenge was how to manage funding for joint programming . It was recommended that UNICEF closely   follow   the UNDG guidelines . One speaker said that donor countries needed to review their reporting requirements .
 Several delegations suggested that the lessons learned from tsunami recovery programming would be a useful starting point and potentially a good issue to discuss at a future joint meeting of the Executive Boards . Delegations approved of the Working Group 's intentions to   follow   ongoing discussions on United Nations reform , including the Secretary-General 's High-level Panel on Threats , Challenges and Change . Several speakers said that non-governmental and informal discussions on reform should be viewed with caution and that the agencies were guided in the area of transition primarily by resolutions of the Economic and Social Council .
 Organization of work  Following   a proposal by the Chairman , the Committee decided to extend the deadline for submitting all draft proposals on the decolonization items until the following day , Friday , 7 October , 6 p.m . Sixth Committee
 Cuba : amendment to draft resolution L.85 After the fifth preambular paragraph , insert a new preambular paragraph to read as   follows   : Stressing that domestic law consistent with the Charter of the United Nations and other obligations of the State in the field of human rights and fundamental freedoms is the juridical framework within which human rights and fundamental freedoms should be implemented and enjoyed , and within which all activities referred to in article 3 of the Declaration should be conducted ;
 Here a distinction might be made between subsequent treaties that may affect the application of the treaty to be interpreted -LRB- the process of the actualization or contemporization of the latter treaty -RRB- and those that may affect the interpretation of the treaty itself , that is to say , cases where the concepts in the treaty are themselves not static but evolutionary . Although there was support for the principle of contemporaneity -LRB- that is , that only provisions contemporaneous to the treaty under interpretation should be taken account of -RRB- , it could not be excluded a priori that the parties might intend the interpretation and application of a treaty to   follow   subsequent developments . However , a safe guide to a decision on the matter may not be found in the imputed intention of the parties alone .
 In Eastern Europe , drug abuse levels are gradually reaching those of Western Europe . Trends are also   following   similar patterns : use of cannabis is increasing ; heroin use is stable or decreasing ; and use of ATS and cocaine is increasing . Even though coverage and quality of the services provided through demand reduction activities have not yet reached Western European standards , the situation is improving .
 Reiterates the need for ongoing close cooperation and exchange of information among the Committee , the CTC , and the Committee established pursuant to resolution 1540 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , as well as their respective groups of experts , including enhanced information sharing , coordinated visits to countries , technical assistance , and other issues of relevance to all three committees ; Further reiterates the importance of having the Committee   follow   up via oral and/or written communications with Member States regarding effective implementation of the sanctions measures and provide Member States with an opportunity , at the Committee 's request , to send representatives to meet the Committee for more in-depth discussion of relevant issues ; Requests the Committee to consider , where and when appropriate , visits to selected countries by the Chairman and/or Committee members to enhance the full and effective implementation of the measures referred to in paragraph 1 above , with a view to encouraging States to comply fully with this resolution and resolutions 1267 -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , 1333 -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , 1390 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , 1455 -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and 1526 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- ;
 The Economic and Social Council decides : -LRB- a -RRB- To grant the   following   105 non-governmental organizations consultative status : 50 &amp; PIU Fenacom
 All these suggestions would help to further strengthen an already successful product . The UNCTAD secretariat concluded the discussions by stressing that it would   follow   up on all the proposals made regarding the improvement of the IPR programme . This action would include a more resolute approach to monitoring the follow-up implementation process , building on the scorecard system developed for the implementation report on the IPR of Egypt .
 Males follow the overall pattern of both sexes . For female workers who suffered occupational injuries/diseases , again agriculture dominated with 71.2 %   followed   by the manufacturing 14.7 % , community , social and personal services -LRB- 9.1 % -RRB- and wholesale &amp; retail trade -LRB- 3.1 % -RRB- . The majority of the workers suffering injuries/diseases -LRB- 48.8 % -RRB- consulted a medical professional .
 During the debate , senators from the treasury benches described the custom as anything but honourable . Punjab had the highest number of ` karo-kari ' incidents   followed   by Sindh , the NWFP and Balochistan . Of the total 2 , 774 women victims , 1 , 578 were killed in Punjab , 751 in Sindh , 260 in the NWFP and 185 in Balochistan .
 Increasingly , Asian firms are also investing abroad through mergers and acquisitions and acquire strategic assets such as technology , research and development , and brand names . The need to   follow   customers , neutralize competitors ' strength , access low-cost labour and take advantage of opportunistic investments in real estate , infrastructure or services projects are also specific reasons . An expert stated that Republic of Korea SMEs account for a significant percentage of OFDI by Korean firms. Most of their investments are in neighbouring countries .
 The main drivers of OFDI included system escape , the search for market and efficiency , and cost reduction . The lack of the rule of law and transparency often stimulated OFDI , as did the need to   follow   clients in the case of banking and other service industries . In the past there had been objections to OFDI and it had been considered unpatriotic , but now the main constraint was the lack of skills , finance and relevant experience for companies to internationalize their operations .
 That was the purpose of Act No. 73-10 of 27 February 1973 . This partial reform was   followed   , during the state of emergency , by a thorough reform introduced by Order No. 84-33 of 23 August 1984 establishing the code on nationality of the Niger . The salient feature of this code was the introduction of inequality in the transmission of nationality by men and women .
 In that context , he wondered how countries might be encouraged to extend invitations more readily . Mr. Hussain -LRB- Pakistan -RRB- sought comments on the situation of those who   followed   the divine commandments of a divine faith . To what extent could followers of a religion be expected to adhere to standards created by fallible human beings ?
 It observed that this principle also applies to those within the power or effective control of the forces of a State party acting outside its territory , regardless of the circumstances in which such power or effective control was obtained , such as forces constituting a national contingent of a State party assigned to an international peacekeeping or peace-enforcement operation . UNHCR has closely   followed   the work of the treaty bodies on general comments and recommendations and acknowledges the value of these two general comments in particular as important legal tools for supporting the international protection efforts of UNHCR . During the reporting period , UNHCR and UNICEF shared their observations in relation to the preparation of a general comment on the administration of justice under consideration by the Committee on the Rights of the Child , raising issues of particular importance to child victims of mass exodus .
 Rwanda-based confirmed witnesses made 3 , 289 visits to the Tribunal 's annex clinic and demonstrated confidence in the services rendered . The total cost of hospital referrals and hospitalizations in 2004 decreased by more than 80 per cent from 2003 costs. Three hundred and seventy-three psychological counselling sessions were held relating to HIV/AIDS , post-conflict trauma and preparations for cases , and 156 gynaecological were attended to. The total number of HIV/AIDS cases being   followed   to date is 39 , and 1 , 067 patients have received nursing care. Sustained monitoring and evaluation is promoted through a system of weekly , quarterly and annual reporting . The Trust Fund allocation for the Medical Support Programme for witnesses in 2005 is estimated at $ 237 , 309 .
 The fact that the disengagement plan became a reality is to the credit of the Government of Israel and a result of the responsible position adopted by the Palestinian Authority . But the liberation of that Palestinian territory , occupied in 1967 , should be   followed   by further steps , with a view to a final settlement on the basis of the road map irreplaceable , fundamental document which defines the parameters of Palestinian-Israeli reconciliation . The Government of Mr. Abbas must be helped in its efforts to create security and order in the Palestinian territories .
 -LRB- d -RRB- The establishment of a fully fledged firewall to provide policy-based access , control and management of internetworking. It integrates both firewall functions and a caching server to accelerate Internet access and Internet publishing . These structural and architectural changes were completed with the   following   additional features , aimed at improving user services : -LRB- a -RRB- A wireless access facility , with two access points -LRB- in the library and in the briefing room of the first floor -RRB- , for the convenience of delegates and other users of the briefing room during the meetings ;
 Through a 24-hour help line , the campaign will provide practical assistance to people experiencing violence , to friends and family who want to know what they can do to help , and to those wanting to change their violent behaviour . The Special Rapporteur on violence against women reports that the most significant group of women suffering domestic violence are indigenous women ,   followed   by refugee and migrant women , as they are not able to benefit from the strong legislative framework and comprehensive support systems to address domestic violence -LRB- ibid. -RRB- . Please provide information on what programmes are in place to enable indigenous , refugee and migrant women to take advantage of legislation and support systems to address domestic violence and the progress made in the initiative to tailor-make strategies to combat domestic violence for these groups of women .
 The nuclear weapons programme of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea remained a grave concern . NPT States parties must be united in calling for that country to completely , verifiably and irreversibly dismantle its programme ,   following   the example of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya which , after decades of isolation , was now poised to rejoin the international community following its decision to abandon its programme for weapons of mass destruction . Australia urged the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea to reverse its announced NPT withdrawal and to comply fully with International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- safeguards .
 Mr. Goosen -LRB- South Africa -RRB- said that his country associated itself with the statement made by Mexico on behalf of the New Agenda Coalition -LRB- NAC -RRB- and the statement made on behalf of the Movement of Non-Aligned and other States . South Africa advocated the preparation of a Chairperson 's paper that would highlight issues ,   following   the approach taken at the second session , which could then be recommended to the President of the 2005 Review Conference . The procedural arrangements should take into account the deliberations and results of previous sessions and include recommendations on an optimal organization of work , leaving it to the Review Conference to consider the substance of the issues .
 The legal framework which had been developed could be used as the basis for negotiations on verification agreements , but the Agency had yet to receive a request to that effect from the States concerned . The Agency was also closely   following   the negotiations on a fissile material cut-off treaty , and was ready to play a verification role should such a treaty be concluded . Established by IAEA , the Chernobyl Forum was designed to provide information to the people affected by the explosion of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant , to facilitate the implementation of victim assistance programmes and to review the environmental aspects of decommissioning the plant .
 The circumstances of the case were as follows : the applicant told one of the members of the criminal gang -LRB- the one who has previously committed murder -RRB- with an intent to commit a robbery , about a well-off acquaintance . From 15 to 27 February 2001 , the applicant and her accomplice , while preparing for the crime ,   followed   the victim in order to acquaint themselves with his daily schedule . The applicant and her accomplice carefully planned the crime , divided the roles and decided to use the gun of her accomplice .
 Resource requirements -LRB- before recosting -RRB- : $ 3 , 001 , 900 In discharging his/her responsibilities , the Assistant Secretary-General is assisted by his/her immediate Office , which coordinates inter-office activities and monitors and   follows   up their implementation . Table 28D.5 Objectives for the biennium , expected accomplishments , indicators of achievement and performance measures
 Special conferences The General Committee may wish to draw the attention of the General Assembly to the   following   :  The Committee on Conferences recommended that the General Assembly should instruct the Main Committees to review the number of special conferences of the United Nations already proposed and scheduled in their respective fields of activity prior to deciding upon the scheduling of new and additional special conferences , thus bearing in mind the relevant portions of General Assembly resolution 33/55 -LRB- recommendation 6 of the Committee on Conferences , adopted by the Assembly in decision 34/405 , para. -LRB- b -RRB- -RRB- .
 Acknowledges the improvement in the staffing granted to the Working Group and requests the Secretary-General : -LRB- a -RRB- To ensure that the Working Group receives all the assistance and resources it requires to perform its function , including supporting the principles of the Declaration , carrying out and   following   up on missions and holding sessions in countries that are prepared to receive it ; Requests the Working Group to report on its activities to the Commission at its sixty-second session ;
 Finally , the third main idea as put forward by the European Union is to support the establishment of a subsidiary body here in the Conference of Disarmament to deal with this subject on the basis of a mandate agreed to by all . This position by the European Union corresponds to the approach   followed   by my country , which has participated actively in the work on this topic since the beginning of the 1980s in our forum in Geneva . Since the beginning of this debate , France has been in favour of the peaceful use of outer space .
 Many of these proposals are still relevant today , although over the 12 years since the study was published , life has moved far ahead and there is a clear need to update and modernize our concepts and ideas in this domain . Russia has taken the initiative to introduce some confidence-building measures in outer space , and counts on other States which have outer space programmes   following   suit . For example , we have started to post on the Internet advance information on scheduled launches of space objects and their purpose .
 If all the leading space Powers were to take a similar political step , we could make a real contribution to reducing the motivation to weaponize outer space . We call again on all the States with space potential to   follow   our example . Today we are glad to draw your attention to the fact that last week , on 23 June , the heads of State of the member countries of the Collective Security Treaty Organization - Armenia , Belarus , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Russia and Tajikistan - made an official statement that those countries will not be the first to place weapons of any kind in space .
 Lastly , I would like to say that my country welcomes the statement made by the Russian Federation in the framework of the last General Assembly , which it referred to here today , that it would not be the first country to deploy weapons of any kind in outer space . We hope that other States with space capabilities will   follow   that example . I can not conclude this statement without conveying to Ambassador Heinsberg the best wishes of my delegation and my own for professional success in his new duties , which we are sure he will undertake with his usual talent and dedication .
 The effective control of the proliferation of small arms and light weapons also requires the strong collaboration of arms producers and suppliers . The Council may wish to call on other producers and suppliers to   follow   the example of the Wassenaar Arrangement , whose members have established formal cooperation arrangement with West African States , to respect the ECOWAS moratorium . Furthermore , as experience shows that marking and tracing of small arms and light weapons is an effective instrument for the regulation of their flows , the Council may also wish to recommend that all small arms and light weapons used in peacekeeping missions be marked and traced , as appropriate , by the United Nations , in collaboration with troop-contributing countries .
 They visited police stations and detention centres , giving special attention to the situation of women detainees . They also   followed   up a number of individual cases , and interviewed victims and their relatives . MINUSTAH established a Joint Special Investigation Unit , composed of human rights and civilian police officers , which has identified a series of priority cases of alleged human rights violations .
 Calls upon the international community to help the LDCs to progressively integrate themselves into the world economy and strengthen LDC 's capacity to participate in the multilateral trading system , including facilitating accession to WTO by those LDC 's which are not already members . Urges developed countries to increase their contributions and initiate new means within the framework of the International Development Strategy and to   follow   the example of countries who converted the debts contracted by the least developed countries into grants in order to facilitate the implementation of the structural adjustment measures undertaken by these countries . Expresses concern at the declining trend in the quantity of ODA to the LDCs and stresses the importance of increasing Official Development Assistance -LRB- ODA -RRB- granted by the donor countries in favour of the developing countries in general and the Least Developed Countries in particular and calls upon donor countries to achieve as soon as possible the agreed target of 0.7 % of the GNP for overall official development assistance and 0.15 to 0.20 per cent of GNP for the least developed countries .
 Regrettably , in many cases , taxes and other duties continue to be levied with no regard to the privileges and immunities of the United Nations , and significant amounts due for reimbursement to UNHCR continue to remain outstanding and may well further increase . The UNHCR Legal Affairs Section and , in many cases , the United Nations Office of Legal Affairs , continue to   follow   up on these issues . Based on the audits undertaken , OIOS recommended savings and recoveries totalling approximately US $ 3.4 million .
 Addressing the needs of indigenous youth will also help to achieve Millennium Development Goal 3 and address pressures and problems arising from mass rural-to-urban migration . Governments should support training in sustainable consumption towards a sustainable lifestyle and   follow   up initiatives , including networks and small grants . Special emphasis should be placed by States on the involvement of city and local government authorities in engaging and supporting young indigenous people to achieve the Millennium Development Goals at the local level .
 Acknowledges the improvement in the staffing granted to the Working Group and requests the Secretary-General : -LRB- a -RRB- To ensure that the Working Group receives all the assistance and resources it requires to perform its function , including supporting the principles of the Declaration , carrying out and   following   up on missions and holding sessions in countries that are prepared to receive it ; Requests the Working Group to report on its activities to the Commission at its sixty-second session ;
 Under subparagraph -LRB- a -RRB- of its decision 2005/115 , the Commission recommended to the Economic and Social Council that it authorizes six fully serviced additional meetings , including summary records , in accordance with rules 29 and 31 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Council , for the Commission 's sixty-second session . Total full costs of conference servicing envisaged under subparagraph -LRB- a -RRB- of this decision , will amount to 169 , 400 dollars in the year 2006 , broken down as   follows   : No conference-servicing provisions have been made for these six additional meetings in the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007 .
 The information contained in the inventory review resources listed here will be maintained by the UNFCCC secretariat and made available to expert review teams by electronic means . This information will be updated periodically   following   the collective recommendation of lead reviewers on ways to improve the review process , 1 including the consistent application of the technical guidance by expert review teams . Resources for supporting the review of GHG inventories
 Each of these legal acts ensures compliance with the principle equal pay for work of equal value . However , taking into consideration the fact that the remuneration for employees working at various institutions , financed from the national budget , is regulated by specific legal acts , the said principle is not always   followed   and there are differences in remuneration for work of equal value at various institutions . However , this discrimination is not related to the gender , age , nationality or religious affiliation of the person but is due to the existence of diverse remuneration systems - the review of the official salaries in these systems was not mutually coordinated , thus considerable differences have appeared in the basic salaries and other payments for work of a similar kind .
 In view of the growing topicality of a new , until recently little studied , problem which relates to the research on the impact of the Internet network environment on the youth and children , the National Programme for the Prevention of the Sexual Abuse of Children 2000-2004 included also tasks aimed at reducing the possibilities of disseminating child pornography on the Internet and reducing the possibilities of children to used violent , erotic and pornographic materials in the Internet .  Following   the guidelines of the above Programme a working group was established at the Ministry of Transport and Communications on 6 December 2001 following the order of the Prime Minister , which started work on the formulation of the draft Concept On Protection of Children 's Rights on the Internet . Parental duty to take care of their underage children In accordance with the requirements of the Covenant , Article 179 of the Civil Law provides that it is the parents ' duty in proportion to their material and social position to take care of the life and welfare of their dependant children , to provide them with nutrition , i.e. , to provide food , housing , clothes , to take care of them , to bring them up and educate .
 Ms. Gaspard noted that her own country had met with much resistance to the idea of women 's studies from university teachers of both sexes , and had been forced to create special posts for teaching the subject . The statistics furnished to the Committee did not reveal whether Croatia had also been obliged to   follow   that course . It was important to have an educated corps of teachers of both sexes sensitive to the importance of gender studies , at both the national and local level .
 The Group of Non-Aligned States Parties to the Treaty agrees to establish a subsidiary body to Main Committee II of the 2005 Review Conference to consider and recommend proposals on the implementation of the resolution on the Middle East adopted by the 1995 Review and Extension Conference and the Final Document of the 2000 Review Conference . The Group of Non-Aligned States Parties to the Treaty calls for the establishment of a Standing Committee composed of members of the Bureau of the 2005 Review Conference to   follow   up intersessionally the implementation of the recommendations concerning the Middle East , in particular Israel 's prompt accession to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the placement of all its nuclear facilities under comprehensive IAEA safeguards , and report to the 2010 Review Conference and its Preparatory Committee . Fifty-ninth session
 Initiative : Internal controls UNOPS has been cited for failing to   follow   standard procedures for internal control . Along with its implementing partners , UNOPS internal control environment has been adversely impacted by the introduction of PeopleSoft .
 Economic activity rates -LRB- per cent -RRB- The Syrian economy is typified by the   following   : - A trade balance surplus and an approved deficit in the general State budget ;
 The proportion of use differs in rural and urban areas , amounting to 53.9 per cent in the latter and 38.3 per cent in the former . Data from the same survey indicate that the most common method used is the coil at 43 per cent ,   followed   by the contraceptive pill at 26.4 per cent . The next in order at 18.4 per cent were natural methods that rely on the safe period .
 Rural women with a certificate of vocational education , however , account for 15 per cent of total women employed , compared with only 4 per cent in the case of males . As for females employed in the home , the highest proportion is among those who are able to read and write -LRB- 29 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by those with a certificate of primary education . The percentage of economically active females in the 9-15 and 20-24 age groups noticeably increases .
 Article 306 : The provisions of this Act shall apply to all Syrians , except as excluded under the   following   two articles . Article 307 :
 Article 170 : The father   followed   by the agnatic grandfather shall have guardianship of the same minor and his assets and shall be bound to undertake such guardianship . In accordance with the order of inheritance set forth in article 21 , relatives other than the two mentioned above may have guardianship of the person of the minor but not of his assets .
 Such care is regulated by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Labour , which has the right to deliver children to a family for care and education , without the child taking the family name . The Christian communities vary ; in the Catholic communities and most of the non-Catholic communities , guardianship is either shared or is exercised by the father ,   followed   by the mother . Part VI of the Personal Status -LRB- Catholics -RRB- Act provides for parental authority and supervision of the children until they reach adulthood in articles 119 to 138 :
 However , according to the replies received , the laws of 47 per cent of all States that replied to the third survey precluded or seriously limited the extradition of nationals . From a regional perspective , most States in Europe -LRB- 65 per cent -RRB- reported such restrictions ,   followed   by Africa and Asia with 42 per cent each and the Americas with 31 per cent . Of the States that did preclude or seriously limit extradition of nationals , less than a third -LRB- 27 per cent -RRB- had considered extraditing their nationals for serious drug offences or reconsidered other traditional exceptions to extradition , in particular in cases of serious crime .
 Source : IMF . Cocoa is the principal export commodity , netting over $ 2.3 billion in 2003. It is   followed   by petroleum , which is expected to reach 50 , 000 barrels per day with the start of production from the Baobab oilfield in 2005. Refined petroleum products of the State oil company Socit nationale d'oprations ptrolires de la Cte d'Ivoire -LRB- Petroci -RRB- , are also important exports , as are timber and coffee . Assessing crisis-related expenditure accurately is difficult , but an analysis of Ivorian statistics shows that from September 2002 to the end of December 2003 the crisis exacted a financial cost on the budget of CFAF 146 billion -LRB- 1.8 per cent of GDP -RRB- .
 They may utilize an independent fact-finding body which may be able to make an impartial assessment of the effect of the planned activities . The 1997 Watercourses Convention contains nine articles on planned measures which may have a significant adverse effect upon other watercourse States , setting out detailed procedures to be   followed   by States concerned . In the case of surface waters , there have been innumerable activities and resulting disputes among States and such detailed procedures are required .
 At its 9th meeting , on 11 January , the Committee considered the requests for consultative status of organizations placed on the Roster for the purpose of the work of the Commission on Sustainable Development -LRB- see E/2005/CRP.7 -RRB- . The Committee , in its deliberations , proceeded in accordance with Council decision 2001/295 , whereby the Council had decided that non-governmental organizations referred to in its decision 1993/220 that wished to expand their participation in other fields of the Council would be considered by the Committee , and that the Committee would do so as expeditiously as possible under an item of its agenda ,   following   the rules and provisions stipulated in Council resolution 1996/31 . The Committee decided to defer consideration of Environmental Protection Society owing to the fact that , despite several attempts , the secretariat had not yet been able to contact the organization , which needed to respond to questions posed by the Committee .
 The Advisory Committee 's report on the administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations , and on the report of the Board of Auditors -LRB- A/59/736 -RRB- provided very informative views on cross-cutting and management policy issues relating to peacekeeping operations , while the report of the Board of Auditors -LRB- A/59/5 -LRB- Vol. II -RRB- -RRB- also provided a high quality of analysis on management issues . The recommendations of both bodies should be   followed   up and implemented without delay to ensure that assessed contributions were efficiently utilized . The General Assembly should accept the recommendation of the Advisory Committee contained in document A/59/736 and provide clear guidance to the Secretary-General on the management of peacekeeping operations .
 Mr. Mejbre -LRB- Libyan Arab Jamahiriya -RRB- said that the mobilization and effective use of financial resources for development were key to the global partnership for the achievement of such objectives as the Millennium Development Goals . In that connection , he appealed to those States which had not yet already done so to   follow   the commendable example of those which had already achieved or set a timetable for the ODA target . He also welcomed the regional and global initiatives aimed at seeking new sources of financing for development , in particular the efforts of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development -LRB- OECD -RRB- and the Group of Eight and the European Union to strengthen ODA effectiveness in Africa through annual aid packages lasting until 2010 .
 As a response to these suggestions , Cabinet invited all government offices , ministries and agencies to study the Committee 's recommendations and to forward ideas for implementing their suggestions to the then Department of Women 's Affairs .  Following   on the UN Committee 's remarks on the role of NGOs , the NGO community was also invited to take part in the process of continuing to put CEDAW into action . Although this report does not purport to cover all the concerns raised by the Committee in the first report , suffice it to say that much has been done on gender issues since 1997 to address their concerns .
 20.92 The activities will focus on the promotion of cooperation among ECLAC member and associate member countries in the Caribbean subregion in areas such as : -LRB- a -RRB- macroeconomic policies and economic development ; -LRB- b -RRB- linkages with the international economy , integration and cooperation ; -LRB- c -RRB- social development in the Caribbean ; -LRB- d -RRB- statistics and information management for development ; -LRB- e -RRB- sustainable development in the Caribbean ; and -LRB- f -RRB- science and technology for development . In this context , priority will be attached to   follow   up on the outcome of the International Meeting to Review the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States , held in Mauritius in January 2005 , and the new phases of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States , including the formulation of national development strategies . 20.93 In implementing the activities of the subprogramme , special account will be taken of the relevant provisions of the internationally agreed goals of the Millennium Declaration , in particular Goal 1 : Eradicate extreme poverty and hunger , Goal 3 : Promote gender equality and empower women , Goal 7 : Ensure environmental sustainability and Goal 8 : Develop a global partnership for development , especially target 14 : address the special needs of landlocked countries and small island developing States .
 I ask the representative of Egypt whether that is correct . In other words , the Egyptian quotation would read as   follows   : Measures for improving the effectiveness of the work of the Disarmament Commission will be considered in plenary meetings at its 2006 substantive session  . Mr. Shamaa -LRB- Egypt -RRB- : I apologize to our colleague from Armenia .
 The Group also welcomed the Commission 's decisions on hazard pay , including the expansion of the criteria for payment . It noted with interest the proposed changes in the application of the mobility and hardship scheme and would   follow   closely the review of the methodology for determining the level of the education grant . In considering the remuneration of United Nations officials , the Commission should bear in mind the need to attract the most qualified staff by providing the best conditions of service , in accordance with the Noblemaire principle .
 The project , known as Build Environment for Gorillas , is part of an initiative agreed between UNESCO and the Agency which is aimed at providing satellite images and know-how in space-supported conservation to developing countries . An estimated 650 endangered mountain gorillas in nature reserves in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Rwanda and Uganda have already been saved by the project , which has supplied these countries with their first accurate maps of the animals ' environment and allowed authorities not only to   follow   the gorillas but also to monitor any changes in or degradation of their habitat . A comparison of the satellite images taken over the sites between 1990 and 2003 has also provided an accurate picture of the impact on the mountain environments caused by deforestation , poaching and the arrival of refugees .
 If no candidate is recommended on the basis of the fourth series of ballots , additional candidates may then be nominated . The process of balloting as described in paragraphs 5 to 8 above shall be   followed   again . For reasons of economy , this document has been printed in a limited number .
 In many cases Parties quantified the sizes of their forest areas . The largest forest area reported was in Brazil with 560 million hectares ,   followed   by China and the Democratic Republic of the Congo , each with more than 100 million hectares . Most Parties provided detailed information on resources , policies and institutions in the energy sector , and others classified end-use consumption on the basis of energy carriers such as electricity and heat .
 Many Parties recognized the co-benefits and emphasized the need for integrated approaches . They also support   following   a no regrets approach , in particular for adaptation , because of the uncertainty about impacts of climate change on specific regions or countries . Some Parties indicated the need to re-examine and assess planned or ongoing structural change in energy and industry from a climate change perspective .
 The energy sector was the largest source of GHG emissions for 70 Parties , whereas for 45 Parties the agriculture sector was the largest and for six the waste sector was the largest . Agriculture was the second largest emitter for most Parties ,   followed   by the industrial processes sector , and then the waste sector . Removals by LUCF in most Parties offset GHG emissions from this same sector .
 In an address to the Council on 10 September 2003 , its President made a number of other suggestions for strengthening the role of the Council .  Following   on these suggestions , an informal panel discussion on reform of the Council was held in New York on 7 May 2004 . Subsequently , in reflecting on the reform of the Council on the basis of the panel 's discussion , the President of the Council , on 23 July 2004 , elaborated , inter alia , on the role of the Council in the integrated and coordinated follow-up to conferences , interaction with the General Assembly and Security Council , the bridge-building function of the Council , and its working methods and visibility .
 Funds monitoring tool The Board   followed   up on its previous recommendations on the funds monitoring tool , which was developed to assist peacekeeping missions with the implementation of the new policy on allotments . It had been implemented at all peacekeeping missions and was operational .
 The Advisory Committee has been commenting for many years on the requirement that consultants should be hired only in instances where expertise does not exist within the staff of the Secretariat . Consultants should be hired for specific time-limited projects and the existing procedure for evaluating their work should be strictly   followed   ; this evaluation should be used when deciding upon any future assignment . These considerations and a number of others are embodied in administrative instruction ST/AI/1999/7 on consultants and individual contractors , promulgated pursuant to General Assembly resolution 53/221 .
 VIII.44 In this connection , the Advisory Committee was informed that while an alternative to IMIS was not likely to be imminently available , the system was fast approaching its technological lifespan . The Committee was also informed that the Secretariat was closely   following   the development of the Enterprise Resource Planning systems in the United Nations funds , programmes and specialized agencies , in terms of both functionality and technology ; moreover , a study was funded from the budget for the biennium 2004-2005 for which an independent consulting firm was hired to objectively assess all aspects of IMIS operations and recommend the most effective course of action . The Committee expects that Member States will be informed of the financial implications and all other aspects of IMIS replacement in a timely manner .
 Despite some progress in the implementation of the Parking Programme , it was still not fully operational . The authorities of the City of New York should   follow   the example of missions and their personnel in conscientiously carrying out their obligations under the Programme . They should in particular pay closer attention to the requests and recommendations of missions which continued to experience difficulties in connection with the Programme .
 An account of the Committee 's discussion is contained in the relevant summary records -LRB- A/C.3/60/SR.10-14 , 19 , 21 , 29 , 33 , 41 and 43 -RRB- . For its consideration of the item , the Committee had before it the   following   documents : -LRB- a -RRB- Report of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women on the work of its thirty-second and thirty-third sessions ;
 Exhibits highlighting the work of the United Nations are mounted in the General Assembly Public Lobby . All exhibits deal with an international theme and must   follow   the United Nations Exhibits Committee Guidelines . For more information , contact the secretariat of the Exhibits Committee , Outreach Division , tel. -LRB- 212 -RRB- 963-3863 , fax : -LRB- 212 -RRB- 963-0077 , or exhibitscommittee @ un.org .
 He underscored the need to factor into any resource mobilization strategy the potential of non-core contributions , which could increase significantly thanks to donor confidence . He reiterated the UNDP commitment to ensuring growth in programme country contributions and expansion of the resource base , stressing that UNDP was committed to development effectiveness and   following   up on the Paris Declaration . The Executive Board adopted decision 2005/23 on the status of regular funding commitments to UNDP and its associated funds and programmes for 2005 and onward .
 Delegations raised concerns about the high prevalence rates of women with HIV/AIDS and emphasized the need to increase women 's role in decision-making , especially in post-conflict and peace-building activities . They applauded UNIFEM for fostering innovative approaches to gender equality and promoting gender-responsive budgeting and policies promoting human rights-based programming , and encouraged all United Nations organizations to   follow   suit , in particular by issuing regular gender mainstreaming reports . Praising UNIFEM work in combating feminized poverty , delegations reiterated the importance of the gender approach to achieving poverty reduction , especially for indigenous populations .
 The expectations of the participants were wide ranging with particular emphasis on : Developing mechanisms to support implementation Clarifying and measuring outputs of forest landscape restoration activities Identifying better funding sources and strategies , including through partnerships and sharing of information , targeting of materials to specific audiences Marketing of forest landscape restoration , including socio-economic and biophysical aspects , and including ecosystem services , community services and community well-being Creating a global network of practitioners , NGOs , governments , communities , the private sector and others Clearly explaining techniques or models for forest landscape restoration . The highest priority was given by participants to enhancing understanding of forest landscape restoration ,   followed   by funding and marketing . The discussions of the workshop are outlined below by thematic area :
 It could be interesting to produce a historical review of all Sub-Commission studies from the very beginning , or to publish a summary of its work , as suggested so enthusiastically by Paulo Srgio Pinheiro when he chaired the Sub-Commission . A comprehensive review of this sort carried out by its members and former members ,   following   the example of the International Law Commission , would be a great credit to the Sub-Commission . The sixtieth anniversary of the United Nations could be a good opportunity to take an official initiative like this , as a collective tribute to all the former members of the Sub-Commission who contributed to its collective impact .
 -LRB- 26 -RRB- This being so , despite the contrary opinion of some writers , no rule of international law requires a State or an international organization to state its reasons for an objection to a reservation . Except where a specific reservation is expressly authorized by a treaty , the other contracting parties are always free to reject it and even to enter into treaty relations with its author. A statement drafted as   follows   : The Government  intends to formulate an objection to the reservation made by  
 The sixty-fifth session of the Committee on Contributions was held at United Nations Headquarters from 6 to 24 June 2005 . The   following   members were present : Kenshiro Akimoto , Meshal Al-Mansour , Petru Dumitriu , Paul Ekorong  Dong , David Dutton , Haile Selassie Getachew , Bernardo Greiver , Hassan M. Hassan , Ihor V. Humenny , Eduardo Iglesias , David A. Leis , Vyacheslav A. Logutov , Bernard G. Meijerman , Hae-yun Park , Eduardo Ramos , Henrique da Silveira Sardinha Pinto , Ugo Sessi and Wu Gang . The Committee elected Mr. Sessi as Chairman and Mr. Greiver as Vice-Chairman .
 Conversely , where the reservation was not compatible with the object and purpose , the State could not be regarded as being a party to the Convention . That was the approach that the United Kingdom had consistently   followed   in its own treaty practice , and it did not appear to differ significantly from the approach of the Special Rapporteur . On the related issue of the super-maximum effect of an objection , consisting in the determination not only that the reservation objected to was not valid but also that , as a result , the treaty as a whole applied ipso facto in the relations between the two States , his delegation considered that that could occur only in the most exceptional circumstances , for example , if the State making the reservation could be said to have accepted or acquiesced in such an effect .
 Chapter 5.1 5.1.2.3 Add a new paragraph to read as   follows   : `` 5.1.2.3 Each package bearing package orientation markings as prescribed in 5.2.1.6 of these Regulations and which is overpacked or placed in a large packaging shall be oriented in accordance with such markings .
 `` 6.2.4.3 With the approval of the competent authority , aerosols and receptacles , small , containing pharmaceutical products and non flammable gases which are required to be sterile , but may be adversely affected by water bath testing , are not subject to 6.2.4.1 and 6.2.4.2 if : -LRB- a -RRB- They are manufactured under the authority of a national health administration and , if required by the competent authority ,   follow   the principles of Good Manufacturing Practice -LRB- GMP -RRB- established by the World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- 2 ; and -LRB- b -RRB- An equivalent level of safety is achieved by the manufacturer 's use of alternative methods for leak detection and pressure resistance , such as helium detection and water bathing a statistical sample of at least 1 in 2000 from each production batch .
 That would help the Committee itself and the Counter-Terrorism Committee Executive Directorate -LRB- CTED -RRB- to duly process the content of the more than 600 reports that have been submitted by States during more than three years . A second element is   following   up the reports . It is necessary that the responses and the courses of action taken by the CTC in each case be based on a meticulous and rigorous analysis of the reports and that the specific situation and experience of each country be taken into account .
 The importance of a fair trial and a remedy was highlighted by the members of the Sub-Commission during its discussions on various reports from 1991 onwards .  Following   these discussions and the Sub-Commission 's recommendation in its resolution 1991/15 , the Commission on Human Rights , in its resolution 1992/35 , called upon all States that had not yet done so to establish a procedure such as habeas corpus by which anyone deprived of his or her liberty by arrest or detention would be entitled to institute proceedings before a court , in order that the court might decide without delay on the lawfulness of his or her detention and order his or her release if the detention was found to be unlawful . The Commission also called upon all States to maintain the right to such a procedure at all times and under all circumstances , including during states of emergency , and , in resolution 1994/32 , again encouraged States to establish a procedure such as habeas corpus or a similar procedure as a personal right not subject to derogation , including during states of emergency .
 We look forward to maintaining that rapport with the world community in order to achieve those noble goals . Since the historic reconciliation at Taef , Lebanon has enjoyed over a decade of stability and tranquillity , quickly recapturing its regional pre-eminence and its pioneering role as a land of religious tolerance  an example to   follow   in the dialogue of civilizations . Moreover , Lebanon has enjoyed an unprecedented level of economic revitalization and has been able to forge iron-clad unity in its armed forces and civil institutions .
 Support for the New Partnership for Africa 's Development At the 45th meeting , on 23 July , the representative of Morocco , on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China , introduced a draft decision entitled Support for the New Partnership for Africa 's Development -LRB- E/2003/L.40 -RRB- , which read as   follows   : The Economic and Social Council , recalling General Assembly resolution 57/7 of 4 November 2002 , entitled `Final review and appraisal of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s and support for the New Partnership for Africa 's Development ' , decides to address , at its resumed session in 2003 , the implementation of Assembly resolution 57/7 on support for the implementation of the New Partnership for Africa 's Development.
 It therefore reserved the option of making further comments on the draft articles at a later stage . Portugal had   followed   the Commission 's discussions concerning the threshold of significant harm included in key provisions of draft articles 7 and 14 , and the potential relation of those draft articles to general international law and specifically to the law of international responsibility and liability . Portugal was also interested in the discussion of draft article 3 , particularly with regard to the words to a significant extent in paragraph 1 and the interconnection between the several agreements that might come into play .
 Partners also need to be innovative in reorienting the services being provided to reach orphans . Governments must ensure that children in need are being reached and   followed   effectively through sound monitoring and evaluation systems . Participants agreed that they are accountable for assessing , analysing and improving the situation of orphans and children affected by HIV and AIDS pursuant to the commitments made by Governments in the Declaration of Commitment .
 The Advisory Committee would not object to a one-time across-the-board conversion of 64 individual contractors into 64 national posts , since the functions they performed were required on a continuing basis . However , proper procedure should be   followed   without variance in future . The proposed establishment of the Logistics Base training cell represented a new and important phase in the development of a Department-wide training strategy that would impact on resource requirements and on training programmes at Headquarters , in peacekeeping operations and at the Base. A comprehensive review of such a strategy should therefore be undertaken and its results reported to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session .
 The European Council had adopted in May 2005 specific proposals for accelerating EU actions in selected areas , namely governance , interconnection and equity , with a view to the achievement of the MDGs . The EU proposed to support the implementation of reforms   following   the recommendations of the African Peer Review Mechanism -LRB- APRM -RRB- , and to replenish the peace facility to support Africa 's efforts to cope with its conflicts . In addition , it proposed a Europe-Africa partnership on infrastructure to leverage private sector investments , as well as the introduction of a covenant for equity as part of the criteria to determine aid allocations .
 We denounce the manipulation of information regarding IAEA processes of verification in order to foment a negative opinion of some countries in the pursuit of political goals , as well as double standards in addressing issues of non-proliferation . Cuba has carefully   followed   the reports submitted by the Director General to the Board of Governors on the implementation of the safeguards agreements concerning the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons -LRB- NPT -RRB- , as well as the Board 's relevant resolutions . My Government has fully supported the statements of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries , which has expressed its deep concern about the content of those resolutions and the methods leading to their adoption , while acknowledging the unbiased and professional attitude of the IAEA secretariat and welcoming the substantive progress in and the resolution of outstanding issues , confirmed in the most recent reports of the Director General to the Board of Governors .
 Ms. Ferrand questioned whether the experiences of private companies to empower the employees could be easily transferred to the social level . She regretted that she and her colleague had not been able to   follow   the debates during the previous session because participants used their own language and codes , and reiterated that it was necessary to explore existing methods and mechanisms to find a common language and to ensure mutual understanding . Mr. Rowden recommended to examine the operative definition of sound macroeconomic policies used by IMF , particularly as defined in its PRSP Sourcebook , which stated that inflation must be in the low single digits .
 In other words , delegations will have the chance to explain their positions or votes in a consolidated fashion on all draft resolutions contained in the specific cluster on which action will be taken . I intend , with the full cooperation of the Committee , to strictly   follow   that procedure , in order to ensure the full and efficient utilization of the time and conference resources allocated to the Committee . That is something with which I strongly believe all members of the Committee fully concur .
 This upgrade will be offset by downgrading the post of Principal Adviser to the Executive Director from D-2 to D-1 . To allow the Chief of Staff more time to focus on   following   up decisions , and ensure coordinated functioning of the Deputy Executive Directors and other senior staff in OED and the efficient management of the office , a post of Senior Executive Officer at P-5 level is also proposed . One P-4 Executive Officer post will be added to the two such existing posts to provide balanced support to the three Deputies .
 Support efforts to prevent terrorist acquisition of MANPADS . Encourage States to make a political commitment to   follow   the IAEA Code of Conduct on the Safety and Security of Radioactive Sources . Encourage States to follow the IAEA Guidance on the Import and Export of Radioactive Sources by the 31 December 2005 .
 Encourage States to make a political commitment to follow the IAEA Code of Conduct on the Safety and Security of Radioactive Sources . Encourage States to   follow   the IAEA Guidance on the Import and Export of Radioactive Sources by the 31 December 2005 . Encourage programs that enhance governments ' and port authorities ' capability to monitor and control shipments that may contain dangerous materials .
 Having been informed of the technical error , the Panel determined that a correction should be made in respect of these claims .  Following   the recommendation of the Panel , the Executive Secretary concluded that the previously approved awards should be corrected pursuant to article 41 of the Rules . The secretariat withheld the payment of this amount prior to the transfer of funds to the Palestinian Authority in payment of the awards of claims in the Fourth category C Palestinian late claims report .
 Consequently , a correction should be made in respect of this claim .  Following   the recommendation of the Panel , the Executive Secretary concluded that the claim included in the Fourth category C Palestinian late claims report and identified as a duplicate should be corrected pursuant to article 41 of the Rules to receive a nil award . At the request of the secretariat , the Palestinian Authority withheld payment of this amount prior to its distribution to the claimant and the Palestinian Authority is in the process of returning it to the Compensation Fund .
 The Panel reviewed the file and concluded that the correct amount of compensation recommended for the claimant 's D7 losses should have been USD 3 , 468 , 146.44 .  Following   the recommendation of the Panel , the Executive Secretary has concluded that the previously approved award should be corrected pursuant to article 41 of the Rules . Following an additional inquiry from the Government of Kuwait and as a result of information provided by the secretariat , the D2 Panel of Commissioners reviewed a claim that was included in the Report and recommendations made by the `D2 ' Panel of Commissioners concerning part one of the fourteenth instalment of individual claims for damages above USD 100 , 000 -LRB- category `D ' claims -RRB-  -LRB- S/AC.26/2002/21 -RRB- , which recommendations were approved by the Governing Council in decision 166 -LRB- S/AC.26/Dec.166 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- -RRB- .
 The concerted efforts of World Health Organization ensured that the situation was contained . A recent study conducted by UNAMSIL Human Rights Section in Port Loko district revealed that malaria remains the prime killer-disease ,   followed   by acute respiratory infection - pneumonia - diarrhoea , malnutrition , internal diseases such as hernias , and tuberculosis . While these diseases can be associated with levels of poverty and limited health services , it is worth underlining that most of the victims are children and women .
 Replying to your letter dated 22 October 2004 , I would like to transmit the fifth report of the Czech Republic submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee -LRB- see enclosure -RRB- . The Czech Republic has welcomed the enhanced cooperation with CTC and has been carefully   following   the outcome of its work . The Czech Republic has been also thoroughly monitoring and analysing all the recommendations and initiatives provided by CTC with respect to the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- .
 This suggests significant cooperation among offices , better resource management and improved acceptance of change . Overall , the most predominant obstacle affecting the progress of management improvements measures in this reporting was limited resources ,   followed   closely by difficulties in attaining cooperation among offices . Categories of impact
 At the same time , amended Protocol II was particularly valuable because its parties included key mine-using and mine-producing States which were not in a position to accede to the Ottawa Convention . He welcomed the States which had recently become parties to the Protocol , and urged other States to   follow   suit . The humanitarian goals of the Protocol could be furthered through the conclusion of a protocol on mines other than anti-personnel mines .
 Outputs In order to reflect the provisions of the 2005 World Summit Outcome in the programme of work of the Office of the Special Adviser on Africa for the biennium 2006-2007 , the   following   paragraphs in the narrative of subprogramme 1 , Coordination of global advocacy of and support for the New Partnership for Africa 's Development , of section 11 of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007 -LRB- A/60/6 -LRB- Sect. 11 -RRB- -RRB- would be modified , as follows : Paragraph 11.18 -LRB- b -RRB-
 The sector is dominated in terms of turnover by food retailing and consumer care products . These are   followed   by textiles and clothing , the segment which has been creating tensions among trading partners following the phasing-out of the ATC in the WTO but where retail margins remain notably strong at 70 per cent . Household appliances and motor vehicles are the last among the major segments of the distribution services market .
 The annual net migration rate is -20.71 . Half of the population is Christian Congregationalist -LRB- 50 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by Roman Catholic -LRB- 20 per cent -RRB- and Protestant and others -LRB- 30 per cent -RRB- .3 Constitutional , legal and political issues
 The total number of drug abusers in the world is now estimated to be 185 million people , about 3 per cent of the world population or 4.7 per cent of the population aged 15-64 years . Estimates show that the most widely abused substance is cannabis -LRB- close to 150 million people -RRB- ,   followed   by amphetamine-type stimulants -LRB- ATS -RRB- -LRB- including about 30 million for amphetamines -RRB- . Just over 13 million people use cocaine , and 15 million use opiates , including some 9 million who take heroin .
 The definition of trafficking finally adopted was a significant victory against countries and groups that wanted prostitution recognized as an industry . The C.L.E.F. closely   followed   the European Charter of Fundamental Rights then being negotiated . We fought actively for articles on freedom from domestic violence , secularism , contraception and abortion rights .
 -LRB- f -RRB- To encourage the High Commissioner to continue to provide or to facilitate practical support aimed at building capacities for the full realization of economic , social and cultural rights ; -LRB- g -RRB- To support the efforts by the High Commissioner to implement the proposed Programme of Action designed to enhance the ability of the Committee to assist interested Governments in their reporting obligations and its capacity to process and   follow   up the examination of States parties ' reports and , accordingly , to request States parties to the Covenant to make voluntary financial contributions to ensure the adequate implementation of that Programme of Action ; Welcomes the report of the open-ended working group of the Commission established with the view to considering options regarding the elaboration of an optional protocol to the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights -LRB- E/CN.4/2005/52 -RRB- ;
 The increased requirement is currently managed by the Special Assistant to the Under-Secretary-General -LRB- D-1 -RRB- . The current workload of the Office and the breadth of issues to be   followed   and managed have affected the Special Assistant 's ability to provide the required level of support in all areas . In order to supplement the substantive capacity of the Office , a Senior Political Adviser is requested in the Office of the Under-Secretary-General to provide policy support to the Under-Secretary-General to ensure a coherent and coordinated approach to peacekeeping policy issues in the context of the dynamic and evolving demands of multidimensional peacekeeping .
 Though the actual practice varies , there is a general agreement on the use of rates for payment of lump sum amounts . Many organizations use 75 per cent as the benchmark figure , which they consider as a best practice that could be   followed   by the entire system . That said , some CEB members are of the view that , given the recent developments in the travel industry and the difficulty of determining standard fares , that benchmark figure needs to be reviewed from time to time and organizations should retain flexibility , in the light of their location and circumstances , while using 75 per cent as a basic norm .
 While other variations on that theme had been discussed , little had yet been said about the possibility of stemming such emigration or of compensating developing countries for the cost of training skilled workers or professionals who chose to emigrate . Ms. Hannan -LRB- Director of the Division for the Advancement of Women -RRB- noted that many women were now migrating for work , rather than simply to   follow   husbands or family members . Those women contributed significantly to the countries of destination through their work and to the countries of origin through remittances and other forms of support .
 On 3 March 2005 , a communiqu was issued by the Presidency to put an end to the debate over the speculated political vacuum if elections did not take place in October 2005 . In the communiqu , President Gbagbo reaffirmed that Disarmament - Reunification - Free and Transparent Elections was the only way to   follow   in order to maintain and respect the constitutional legality in consonance with the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement . In the communiqu , it was also stated that the disarmament of the Forces Nouvelles should be an immediate priority and remained the sole condition for the restoration of peace in Cte d'Ivoire .
 The submersibles are launched and recovered with a specialized crane from the starboard side of their primary support vessel . Unmanned platforms or remotely operated vehicles are attached to the mother ship by a control/retrieval cable , which supplies power to the unit , allows for real-time transfer of data , including pictures and video , to shipboard monitors where pilots and scientists can safely   follow   its progress and direct its movements . Remotely operated vehicles can be fitted with multifunction manipulators for complex tasks .
 At its 41st meeting , on 15 November , the Committee was advised that the draft resolution had no programme budget implications . At the same meeting , the representative of Austria further orally revised the draft resolution as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- In the ninth preambular paragraph , the word Welcoming was replaced by the words Noting with appreciation ;
 The coverage of outcome evaluations improved dramatically in the 2004 reporting period , with 37 conducted , a proportional increase of 70 per cent over the 2003 figure -LRB- see annex , section B -RRB- . The largest share of these was carried out in Asia and the Pacific ,   followed   by Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States -LRB- CIS -RRB- . Of the 15 countries with programme cycles ending in 2004 and thus subject to compliance , one third -LRB- 33 per cent -RRB- completed the requisite number of evaluations ; another third complied partially , having conducted at least one but not the required number ; and the remaining third did not conduct any outcome evaluations -LRB- see annex , section C -RRB- .
 A total of 37 outcome evaluations were conducted across all geographical regions and in all sectors of UNDP operations during the reporting period . Many such evaluations focused on contributions to achieving the MDGs and poverty reduction -LRB- 32 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by those assessing democratic governance -LRB- 27 per cent -RRB- . The evaluation of HIV and AIDS outcomes , however , dropped from 7 per cent in 2003 to 3 per cent in 2004 .
 During the year , 280 evaluations were conducted by UNDP and its associated funds and programmes across the globe and recorded in the Evaluation Resource Centre . As figure 1 illustrates , 95 evaluations , or 34 per cent of the total number , were conducted to assess progress in achieving the MDGs and poverty reduction ,   followed   by the evaluations of UNDP and GEF work in supporting energy and the environment for sustainable development -LRB- 83 evaluations , 30 per cent -RRB- . Of every five evaluations conducted , one was in the other critical area of UNDP work , fostering democratic governance .
 It was emphasized that the utility of sectoral review ultimately depended on the practical benefits it could yield for developing countries . Therefore , work done in this area needed to be effectively   followed   up , particularly by capacity-building support at national , subregional and regional levels . The success of UNCTAD efforts would depend critically on the engagement of the donor community .
 Concern was raised about the distribution of documentation in Geneva , although no details were provided . The Secretariat explained that in some cases meetings held in Geneva were outside the responsibility of the Department , but that any specific complaints would be   followed   up by the Secretariat . Delegations commended the Department for its efforts at global management .
 Requests the Secretary-General to provide the International Law Seminar with adequate services , including interpretation , as required , and encourages him to continue considering ways to improve the structure and content of the Seminar ; Also requests the Secretary-General to forward to the International Law Commission , for its attention , the records of the debate on the report of the Commission at the sixtieth session of the General Assembly , together with such written statements as delegations may circulate in conjunction with their oral statements , and to prepare and distribute a topical summary of the debate ,   following   established practice ; Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States , as soon as possible after the conclusion of the session of the International Law Commission , chapter II of its report containing a summary of the work of that session , chapter III containing the specific issues on which the views of Governments would be of particular interest to the Commission and the draft articles adopted on either first or second reading by the Commission ;
 The draft CPD is submitted to the Executive Board for consideration and comments and for approval of the aggregate programme budget totals .  Following   the Board 's comments , the CPD is revised with the Government as appropriate , and a summary results matrix is prepared and included in the document . The matrix summarizes the key strategic improvements to the country situation which will be attributable to the UNICEF-assisted country programme .
 The economy can also be characterized as an open economy , with trade representing about 50 per cent of GDP . Alumina and bauxite are the main products exported ,   followed   by sugar , bananas and rum . Imports include food and other consumer goods , industrial supplies , fuel , and parts and accessories of capital goods .
 Reaffirming its unequivocal condemnation of the 14 February 2005 terrorist bombing in Beirut , Lebanon , that killed former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri and others , and caused injury to dozens of people , and condemning the subsequent attacks in Lebanon , Having examined the report of the fact-finding mission to Lebanon inquiring into the circumstances , causes and consequences of this terrorist act -LRB- S/2005/203 -RRB- , transmitted to the Security Council by the Secretary-General   following   the declaration of the President of the Security Council of 15 February 2005 -LRB- S/PRST/2005/4 -RRB- , Noting with concern the fact-finding mission 's conclusion that the Lebanese investigation process suffers from serious flaws and has neither the capacity nor the commitment to reach a satisfactory and credible conclusion ,
 For the Africa region , the majority of Parties -LRB- 56 per cent -RRB- reported CH4 as being the highest contributor ; for the three remaining regions , CO2 is the major contributor . The Asia and the Pacific region has the highest aggregate GHG emissions -LRB- 7.9 billion tonnes CO2 equivalent -RRB- ,   followed   by Latin America and the Caribbean -LRB- 2 billion tonnes CO2 equivalent -RRB- , Africa -LRB- 1.6 billion tonnes CO2 equivalent -RRB- , and Other -LRB- 0.1 billion tonnes CO2 equivalent -RRB- -LRB- see figure 2 and table 2 -RRB- . In the Asia and the Pacific region , the three largest emitters are China -LRB- 51 per cent -RRB- , India -LRB- 15 per cent -RRB- and the Islamic Republic of Iran -LRB- 5 per cent -RRB- .
 The energy sector was the largest source of GHG emissions for 70 Parties , whereas for 45 Parties the agriculture sector was largest and for six the waste sector was largest . Agriculture was the second largest emitter for most Parties ,   followed   by the industrial processes sector , and then the waste sector . Figure 2 .
 For the Africa region , the majority of Parties -LRB- 56 per cent -RRB- reported CH4 as being the highest contributor ; for the three remaining regions , CO2 is the major contributor . The Asia and the Pacific region has the highest aggregate GHG emissions -LRB- 7.9 billion tonnes CO2 equivalent -RRB- ,   followed   by Latin America and the Caribbean region -LRB- 2 billion tonnes CO2 equivalent -RRB- , Africa -LRB- 1.6 billion tonnes CO2 equivalent -RRB- , and Other -LRB- 0.1 billion tonnes CO2 equivalent -RRB- . The energy sector was the largest source of GHG emissions for 70 Parties , whereas for 45 Parties it was the agriculture sector , and for six the waste sector .
 The energy sector was the largest source of GHG emissions for 70 Parties , whereas for 45 Parties it was the agriculture sector , and for six the waste sector . Agriculture was the second largest emitter for most Parties ,   followed   by the industrial processes sector , and then the waste sector . Removals by LUCF in most Parties offset GHG emissions from this same sector .
 The Millennium Ecosystem Assessment By decision 19/COP.6 , the COP requested the secretariat to continue to   follow   closely the activities of the Millennium Ecosystem Assessment -LRB- MA -RRB- , and , inter alia , to facilitate the involvement of the Parties in order that the needs and concerns of the Parties are taken into account in the assessment . The secretariat has participated in the Executive Committee and the Board meetings of the MA , including in the drafting of the relevant reports .
 Excerpts relevant to paragraph 2 -LRB- d -RRB- -LRB- iii -RRB- of decision POPRC-1/1 extracted from the Code of Practice for the Treatment of Confidential Information in the Technical Review of Greenhouse Gas Inventories from Parties included in Annex I to the Convention , developed under the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change The secretariat will   follow   the Code of practice for the treatment of confidential information in the technical review of greenhouse gas inventories from Parties included in Annex I to the Convention -LSB-  -RSB- . Independent of the Code of practice for the treatment of confidential information in the technical review of greenhouse gas inventories from Parties included in Annex I to the Convention , all secretariat staff are subject to United Nations regulations and standards of conduct , even after termination of the employment contract .
 It also appears that , with regard to policy formulation , the New Sudan policy of SPLM/A -LRB- Sudan People 's Liberation Movement/Army -RRB- in the south had an impact on the SLM/A , while JEM seemed more influenced by trends of political Islam . Furthermore , it is possible that the fact that the peace negotiations between the Government and SPLM/A were advancing rapidly did in some way represent an example to be   followed   by other groups , since armed struggle would apparently lead to fruitful negotiations with the Government . It should also be recalled that , despite this broad policy base , the vast majority of the members of the two rebel movements came from essentially three tribes , namely , the Fur , the Masalit and the Zaghawa .
 The Director-General is responsible to the President for the execution of his functions and the overall performance of the organ . According to the Act , a body known as the National Security Council is to be established to oversee the implementation of the security plan of the country ; to supervise the progress of security work ; to coordinate between security organs ; to   follow   up on the implementation of security policies and programmes ; to approve regulations related to the organization of work ; and to constitute a technical committee from the organs forming the Council in order to assist in the progress of work . The National Security Council is to be constituted of the President , the President 's adviser on security affairs , the Minister of Defence , the Minister of Foreign Relations , the Minister of Internal Affairs , the Minister of Justice , the Director of the Internal Security Organ , and the Director of the Sudanese Intelligence Organ .
 The National Security Council is to be constituted of the President , the President 's adviser on security affairs , the Minister of Defence , the Minister of Foreign Relations , the Minister of Internal Affairs , the Minister of Justice , the Director of the Internal Security Organ , and the Director of the Sudanese Intelligence Organ . The Act also provides for the establishment of the High Technical Security Committee which has a mandate to study the security plans presented by the States and the competent organs , submit the plans to the Council for approval ,   follow   up on implementation , and receive reports with respect thereto . The Committee is to coordinate the business of security committees in the various States , with regard to the security plans set out by the Council .
 Article 3 of the statute grants the Special Court jurisdiction over violations of common article 3 and Additional Protocol II , and article 4 confers on the Court jurisdiction over other serious violations of international humanitarian law , namely , attacks on civilians or humanitarian personnel , as well as the conscription or enlistment of children under the age of 15 . The powerful urge to apply humanitarian law to spare civilians from the horrors of civil war was expressed in 2000 by the then United States Ambassador-at-large for war crimes , David Scheffer , when he stated in 2000 , if the provisions of Protocol II were   followed   by rebel and government forces throughout the world , many of the most horrific human tragedies the world has documented within the past decade could have been avoided . See text in S. Murphy -LRB- ed. -RRB- , United States Practice in International Law , vol. 1 , 1999-2001 -LRB- Cambridge , Cambridge University Press , 2002 -RRB- , at 370 .
 The Council once again called upon the United Nations , in cooperation with the interim Iraqi Government , to make the necessary efforts towards a final solution to the question of the return of Kuwaiti property and the national archives of the State of Kuwait , of which the previous Iraqi regime had taken possession at the time of its occupation of Kuwait . The Council reviewed the developments in Palestine and the ongoing hostile practices against unarmed Palestinians which the Israeli Government   followed   , defying international customs and covenants and the resolutions constituting international legitimacy , ignoring Arab and international initiatives and placing every possible obstacle in the way of efforts to revive the peace process . The Council mentioned the wisdom and sense of responsibility evinced by the Palestinian leadership in effecting the transfer of authority with the utmost ease .
 At the same time , MONUC deployed a military observer team and a company to the same area .  Following   discussions between the FARDC and UPDF chiefs of staff and the MONUC Force Commander , several meetings between FARDC , MONUC and UPDF were held in the border area to exchange information and discuss the security situation on the ground . In early November , two additional small-scale LRA and UPDF patrol incursions were reported .
 The Netherlands has also welcomed the ratification by the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty , and its signature and decision to implement an Additional Protocol . We hope that other countries in that region will   follow   the their decision , which has contributed to regional and international security . Nevertheless , the revelation of a nuclear weapons programme and other undeclared nuclear activities in the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya has also been a cause of great concern , as it brought to light a network for illicit trade , in particular in highly sensitive nuclear equipment and technology , which the Netherlands considers a matter of serious concern .
 Taking into account the views of the Member States concerned regarding the need to maintain the Department 's physical presence on the ground , wherever possible , in the light of the special needs of developing countries in the field of public information and communications , as well as in view of the low operational cost of most centres in Africa , the Department would propose to retain its current offices in this region for the time being . In order to meet the geopolitical and linguistic needs of the region , and to provide more effective strategic communications guidance to the distinctive subregions of the continent , the Department proposes a realignment of its staff resources at the Professional level ,   following   the subregional model established by the New Partnership for Africa 's Development and the African Union . Accordingly , the centres in Dakar , Lagos , Nairobi , Pretoria and Yaound would assume a broader subregional programmatic mandate and take on a coordinating role in providing strategic communications guidance and support to existing United Nations information centres in Africa , in close cooperation with other United Nations organizations active on the ground .
 Employed women have a higher educational level than employed men ; thus , in comparative terms , women have to meet a higher standard in order to get a job . In terms of marital status , separated women had the highest rate of participation in the labour market ; they were   followed   by married women or women living in consensual union -LRB- unin libre -RRB- and single women . In the municipal capitals , women in consensual unions had the highest participation rates , probably indicating that they are poorer .
 Minors under 17 make up 74 per cent -LRB- 7 , 937 -RRB- of the 10 , 675 claims of abuse reported to the Institute. In only 32 per cent -LRB- 2 , 557 -RRB- of those cases was physical evidence of abuse found upon examination . There was a higher incidence of abuse in the 10 to 14-year-old age group who had already had some sexual activity before the alleged abuse occurred -LRB- 53 per cent , or 847 -RRB- . That group is   followed   closely by 15 to 17-year-olds , who represent 40 per cent , or 638 , of the total . Injuries were reported to areas not involving the genitals in 12 per cent of cases involving girls under 17 -LRB- 306 -RRB- , 44 per cent of cases involving girls between 10 and 14 and 33 per cent of cases involving girls between 15 and 17 .
 The Government has also established the Total defense council for International Law for international law . Its task is to monitor developments in IHL and also   follow   national implementation of IHL . Furthermore , the Government has established an International Humanitarian Law Delegation , whose function i a is to act as a think-tank in the area of IHL , to make IHL-proposals of importance for Swedish foreign policy and to analyze developments in IHL and their interplay with other related fields of international law , including disarmament and human rights .
 They do not include information on objects created after the launch phase . Launch providers China and India   follow   this practice , as does ESA . The remaining States provide information on functional objects only .
 The Russian Federation follows this practice . France , in addition to registering space objects associated with the launch vehicle , also   follows   this practice . In other cases , States do not provide any information on such objects .
 The second round of PRSPs may often need greater regional and local representation and inclusion of regional and subregional officers and communities in identifying remedial approaches to desertification and degradation . Integration of poverty environment issues into governmental planning , policy formulation and budget allocations requires strong central support and leadership , and needs to be directly addressed throughout the government structure with an adjusted institutional framework , committees or working groups , and an authoritative coordinating body that is able to   follow   through with input into the Government 's planning , budgetary and monitoring process . The review and assessment tool kit to validate the mainstreaming approach would include : analysis of the costs and benefits of SLM for local poverty reduction , identification of the sectors affected by degradation , collection of baseline data and information on degradation processes and effects on ecosystem services , poverty , and economic activities , identification and design of mainstreaming interventions at the local and national levels using a participatory process , and monitoring and evaluation of mainstreaming activities .
 Addendum Pursuant to rule 11 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council , the Secretary-General is submitting the   following   summary statement . During the week ending 25 December 2004 , the Security Council took action on the following items :
 Eastern European Governments , national institutions , international organizations and civil society are urged to promote the successful continuation of the events and activities of the 2004 Indigenous Peoples ' Year of the Barents Euro-Arctic Council . In an effort to systematize and build capacity , regional focal points on indigenous issues should be designated in all agencies , funds and programmes with regional offices that are mandated to   follow   up on the implementation of recommendations of the Permanent Forum and the objectives of the Second Decade . The Regional Programme on Indigenous Peoples in Asia of the United Nations Development Programme should be further strengthened , and its other Regional Bureaux should also develop such programmes .
 The national UNV scheme differs from that of the National Professional Officers in that their qualifications and experience required is less stringent than that required of National Professional Officers , who are expected to have advanced university degrees and a number of years of relevant experience . The Advisory Committee was informed that the national United Nations Volunteers receive UNV contracts -LRB- given initially for six months , expecting that they would serve up to a four-year period for optimum on-the-job training benefits , preparing them for leadership roles in their organizations and communities and in their country -RRB- ; they are entitled to other benefits offered in UNV -LRB- medical and life insurance , resettlement allowance , etc. -RRB- ;   follow   the same code of conduct and security plans as all United Nations staff members , and receive a subsidy to cover living expenses . The Advisory Committee recommends that information on this modality in UNMIS , including benefits achieved during the first year of implementation and future plans , be provided in the performance report and in the next budget submission .
 The strategy includes promoting self-sustaining dialogue among all major stakeholders ; enhancing governance and the rule of law and respect for human rights ; fostering harmonious relations between the organs of sovereignty ; assisting in the creation of functional indigenous conflict prevention and national reconciliation mechanisms ; supporting national efforts for security sector reform ; supporting the implementation of the United Nations Programme of Action to Prevent , Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects ; and mobilizing international support for quick-impact projects to address the country 's immediate challenges . To help implement the strategy , UNOGBIS will seek to merge the United Nations peace and security and development agendas and will form partnerships not only with executing agencies of the United Nations , but also with national and international non-governmental organizations and civil society organizations to   follow   up on implementation . The activities of the Office will be aimed at helping to achieve national ownership and accountability , self-sustainability in the medium and long term and a strong component of capacity-building .
 An example can be found in the WTO agreement on pre-shipment inspection -LRB- PSI -RRB- , which will only matter to those Members either having a national PSI scheme in place or dealing with PSI-using trade partners . A structured process The process of defining trade and transport facilitation needs and priorities may   follow   a clear-cut sequence in which trade is the priority to be pursued and obstacles and corresponding remedial actions become the facilitation needs to cater for . Once needs and priorities have been defined , the remaining step consists logically in designing the institutional framework and concrete appropriate action .
 First of all , the elections in which the Congolese people fervently hope to participate will require enormous efforts , especially as regards logistics . A strict timetable must be   followed   between the holding of the referendum scheduled for 18 December and the legislative and presidential elections that must occur prior to the end of the transition period , namely , 30 June 2006 . On several occasions during its visit , the mission emphasized the importance of adhering to that date .
 -LRB- arts. 4 , 42 and 44 , para. 6 , of the Convention -RRB- Under this cluster , States parties are requested to   follow   the provisions in paragraphs 5 and 6 above , general comment No. 2 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- on the role of independent national human rights institutions and general comment No. 5 -LRB- 2003 -RRB- on general measures of implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child . States parties that have entered reservations to the Convention should indicate whether they consider it necessary to maintain them .
 -LRB- arts. 6 , 18 , para. 3 , 23 , 24 , 26 , and 27 , paras . Under this cluster , States parties are requested to   follow   the provisions in paragraphs 5 and 6 above , and general comment No. 3 -LRB- 2003 -RRB- on HIV/AIDS and the rights of the child and general comment No. 4 -LRB- 2003 -RRB- on adolescent health and development in the context of the Convention on the Rights of the Child . -LRB- c -RRB- Health and health services -LRB- art. 24 -RRB- ;
 Public hearings on the merits of the case were held from 27 February 2006 to 9 May 2006 . At the conclusion of those hearings , the Parties presented the   following   final submissions to the Court . For Bosnia and Herzegovina :
 This is scheduled to be implemented during the years 2005 and 2006 , pending release of the required funds by the Government of Equatorial Guinea . In this context , the Centre has continued to   follow   up on the joint assessment mission it jointly carried out with the European Union Commission to Equatorial Guinea in December 2004 , with a view to bringing technical and methodological support for the evaluation of the human rights situation in the country . The mission met political , administrative and judicial authorities as well as the civil society and political parties .
 In paragraph 2 , the comma after Year in the second line should be deleted and the words inter alia should be inserted between commas after the word including in the eighth line . The   following   countries had joined in sponsoring the draft resolution : Antigua and Barbuda , Cameroon , Cte d'Ivoire , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , Eritrea , Greece , Guinea , Israel , Lebanon , Liberia , the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya , Luxembourg , Malawi , Mauritania , Mexico , Peru , Portugal , the Syrian Arab Republic and Timor-Leste . Draft resolution A/C.2/60/L.10/Rev.1 , as orally revised , was adopted .
 According to IPU data , in January 2005 , 14.3 per cent of ministers in the executive branch of government were women . Sweden had the highest number of women ministers , at 52.4 per cent ,   followed   by Spain , with 50 per cent . Women held 858 ministerial portfolios in 183 countries. Of the 858 ministerial posts , 83 women -LRB- 9.7 per cent -RRB- held portfolios related to family , children , youth , disabled and the elderly ; 69 women -LRB- 8.0 per cent -RRB- held ministerial portfolios related to social affairs ; 63 women -LRB- 7.3 per cent -RRB- held ministerial portfolios related to women 's affairs ; 63 women -LRB- 7.3 per cent -RRB- held ministerial portfolios related to education ; and 60 women -LRB- 7 per cent -RRB- held ministerial portfolios related to the environment and energy .
 Updates may be submitted in the form of an addendum to the existing common core document or a new revised version , depending on the extent of the changes which need to be incorporated . The procedure for reporting under this reporting system will be as   follows   : The State party submits the common core document to Secretary-General which is then transmitted to each of the treaty bodies monitoring the implementation of the treaties to which the State is party ; The State party submits the treaty-specific document to the Secretary-General which is then transmitted to the specific treaty body concerned ; Each treaty body considers the State report , consisting of the common core document and its treaty-specific document , according to its own procedures . Reports provide an opportunity for the State party to present to each treaty body the extent to which its laws and practices comply with the human rights treaties which it has ratified or to which it has acceded .
 Those problems are especially urgent in rural areas . According to the 2000 census , the tertiary sector is the greatest source of employment , representing about 57.1 per cent ,   followed   by the primary sector , approximately 23.9 per cent , and , finally , the secondary sector , about 19.1 per cent . Constraints in the secondary sector , in industry , pose a problem because there are few jobs in that sector and the only alternative , especially for women , has been the informal sector .
 The scope of the Convention had been expanded , and a fifth Protocol had been adopted , on explosive remnants of war , which now had 13 States parties . That successful example should be   followed   to secure further progress in the area of mines other than anti-personnel mines . Another welcome development was the work on ways to strengthen the implementation of international humanitarian law to address the humanitarian and development impact of submunitions .
 He thought it best to delete draft paragraph 22 . The convention could be amended , if necessary , by   following   the standard public international law procedure . While the Commission could discuss possible amendments to a convention , the final decision would always lie with the States parties .
 Seeking to improve the economic condition of women , in view of the current unemployment , employment , Lithuania 's Single Programming Document for 2004-2006 , approved by Resolution No 935 of the Government of the Republic of Lithuania of 2 August 2004 has been consistently gender-mainstreamed , thereby providing for the possibilities to improve women 's economic position with the support of the EU structural funds . Preparation of the National Action Plan for Employment has been started   following   the European Employment Guidelines which would be gender-mainstreamed through the entire document as well as special measures for increasing female employment would be provided . The National Action Plan of the Republic of Lithuania for Combating Poverty and Social Exclusion for 2004-2006 intended for improving the situation of the most vulnerable groups of the population and their opportunities , reducing poverty and social exclusion has been prepared .
 The new policy seeks to ensure that reforms will not be implemented without adequate consultations with stakeholders , or without social and environmental impact assessments . The independent expert will continue to   follow   implementation of this development in the important lending instrument , which comprises around one-third of the overall World Bank commitments . Through analysis and consultations with the World Bank , both at its headquarters and country operations in the context of his future country missions , he will focus on examining the extent to which the new instrument represents a significant departure from the old structural adjustment lending and , more significantly , explore the extent to which it is possible to integrate human rights considerations into the Bank 's new lending instrument with a view to learning some lessons for his elaboration of the general guidelines requested by the Commission .
 She hoped that donors would allocate the lion 's share of increased development assistance to the least developed countries in order to make sure that the goals of the Brussels Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 would be achieved in a timely fashion . Mr. Neil -LRB- Jamaica -RRB- , speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China , said that the decision of the European Union to set a timetable for achieving the target of allocating 0.7 per cent of GDP to ODA was a good example which deserved to be   followed   by other developed countries . Although additional sources of financing for development had lent fresh impetus to discussions , it was necessary to make greater headway towards results which would have a real impact of the lives of those most in need .
 A second international reprocessing initiative -LRB- which contributed to the demise of Eurochemic -RRB- was the United Reprocessors Gesellschaft -LRB- UNIREP -RRB- , created in October 1971 by British , French and German reprocessors . It   followed   a FORATOM -LRB- European Atomic Forum -RRB- recommendation to rationalise investment in order to establish a `viable industry ' in Europe given the then prevailing overcapacity . Wolff -LRB- 1996 -RRB- describes UNIREP as trilateral commercial co-operation in the form of an oligarchic cartel .
 Dear Mr.  . As an expert on nuclear fuel cycle and non-proliferation matters , you will have   followed   the recent international discussions about the need to further strengthen the nuclear non-proliferation regime . Some of the proposals and initiatives in this regard focus on the non-proliferation benefits of more effective controls over the most proliferation sensitive technologies involved in the nuclear fuel cycle - such as enrichment and reprocessing .
 All of this was based on the Extradition Treaty in force between our two countries , the seriousness of the crimes of which Luis Posada Carriles is accused , and the principle of reciprocity . On 10 June 2005 , the Embassy of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela , on behalf of the Venezuelan Government , submitted the   following   to the United States Department of State for the purpose of the remand in custody of Luis Clemente Posada Carriles : Additional information from the Venezuelan judicial organs on the facts and circumstances that showed the active participation of the fugitive Venezuelan citizen Luis Clemente Posada Carriles in the crime of aggravated homicide in the terrorist bombing of the Cubana Airlines flight that took the lives of 73 people , including a pregnant woman .
 -LRB- 26 -RRB- This being so , despite the contrary opinion of some writers , no rule of international law requires a State or an international organization to state its reasons for an objection to a reservation . Except where a specific reservation is expressly authorized by a treaty , the other contracting parties are always free to reject it and even not to enter into treaty relations with its author. A statement drafted as   follows   : The Government  intends to formulate an objection to the reservation made by  
 Human Rights Committee , general comment No. 24 and Communication 845/1999 , CCPR/C/21/Rev.1/Add.6 , Rawle Kennedy v. Trinidad and Tobago ; CCPR/C/69/D/845/1998 , European Court of Human Rights , Loizidou v. Turkey. -LRB- Preliminary objections -RRB- , ECHR 1996 , Ser. A. vol. VI . The draft guideline reads as   follows   : 3.1.13 Reservations to treaty clauses concerning dispute settlement or the monitoring of the implementation of the treaty
 10.24 In the secondary school system , in the case of the two single-sex schools , there is no evidence of disadvantage in the quality of education provided to the students neither is there the perception of discrimination because these schools have historically been the preferred choices of parents and students alike . They are known for the high quality of education that they provide , and the superior performance of their students at the Caribbean Examinations Council exams which   follow   the five year programme . 10.25 Notwithstanding the above , a review of the subjects offered at the single sex , secondary schools provides evidence of some measure of gender-based curricula .
 The key target audiences for awareness raising identified in the region include policy makers in government ministries and in parliament , followed by the general public . With respect to training priorities in the region , the respondents ranked vulnerability studies as the top priority ,   followed   by the need for research and systematic observation , adaptation and greenhouse inventories . Thus , the results of the survey are similar to results of similar surveys in the Africa and the Latin America and the Caribbean regions , conducted by the secretariat at regional Article 6 workshops .
 The Special Rapporteur also calls attention to the situation in Ethiopia and in Mongolia , given regressions in the realization of the right to food , as addressed in his mission reports . As well as monitoring situations of concern and violations of the right to food in accordance with his mandate , the Special Rapporteur has   followed   positive developments with respect to the right to food . He is continuing to follow positive initiatives being taken in Brazil , India , Sierra Leone and South Africa and is also following new developments in Guatemala , Honduras , Uganda and Uruguay .
 In that connection , the Special Rapporteur appeared to have been inundated with allegations emanating from pro-insurgent groups in a last-ditch attempt to derail the national reconciliation process . With regard to the accusations against members of the military , his Government had wasted no time in making its own investigations and later requesting the Special Rapporteur to   follow   suit . It was hardly likely that soldiers and officers committing crimes at the risk of being court martialled would have revealed their identity or service numbers , as alleged .
 Inflation factors have not been applied either to direct programme activities or to regular budget costs , as this will be done later by United Nations Headquarters at the time of the adoption of the United Nations regular budget by the General Assembly in 2005 . The   following   inflation rates are assumed for Nairobi duty station : -LRB- a -RRB- Posts : an average of 8 per cent for the biennium ;
 -LSB- to be completed at a later date -RSB- The   following   associate members of regional commissions were represented by observers : -LSB- to be completed at a later date -RSB-
 According to statistics provided by the Ministry of Education and Sport , the Integrated System of Social Indicators for Venezuela and the National Statistical Institute , school enrolment rates in the country rose steadily between the 1998/99 school year and 2003/04 . This increase is most significant at the preschool level , where enrolment rose by 9.1 per cent ,   followed   by basic education , with an increase of 8.1 per cent . There was also a 6.9 per cent increase at the secondary and diversified level -LRB- see table 7 in the annex -RRB- .
 The Special Programme for Research and Training in Tropical Diseases is currently assessing the utility of rapid non-microscopic diagnostic procedures for malaria . Rapid diagnostic tests are expected to be useful for predicting and   following   the spread of epidemics and monitoring treatment , and thus to more efficient use of antimalarials . Mathematical models of the effects of introducing such tests have been developed and detailed plans drawn up , in collaboration with the WHO Regional Office for the Western Pacific , to ensure the quality of the tests through a network of malaria reference centres .
 Resignations included 1 Under-Secretary-General , 1 Assistant Secretary-General , 7 Directors , 55 staff in the Professional category and 106 staff in the General Service and related categories . In the Professional category , the majority of resignations were by staff at the P-4 level -LRB- 36.4 per cent , or 20 staff -RRB- ,   followed   by P-3s -LRB- 30.9 per cent , 17 staff -RRB- and P-2s -LRB- 16.4 per cent , 9 staff -RRB- . Figure 12 Separations by gender -LRB- 1 July 2004-30 June 2005 -RRB-
 Informal consultation There will be an informal consultation on the United Nations Office for Project Services -LRB- UNOPS -RRB- on Wednesday , 19 October 2005 , from 10.30 a.m. to 12 noon in Conference Room 9 , to cover the   following   issues : -LRB- a -RRB- 2005 financials ; -LRB- b -RRB- next steps in transition ; and -LRB- c -RRB- status of response to the United Nations Board of Auditors recommendations . Interested delegations are invited to attend .
 That fact breeds insecurity in the region and poses a threat to our part of the world as a result of the existence of these deadly weapons . Were Israel to do so , other States might be prompted to   follow   its example ; conversely , they might emulate it and act with impunity . Relevant conventions on disarmament must be fully implemented in order to maintain international security .
 In its resolution 2005/49 , the Commission invited the Working Group to give special attention to its standard-setting activities throughout the Second Decade of the World 's Indigenous People . In this regard , attention is drawn to the   following   papers prepared by the experts of the Working Group as requested by the Sub-Commission in its resolution 2004/15 . -LRB- a -RRB- Legal commentary on the concept of free , prior and informed consent
 One speaker recommended that regional cooperation and cross-border cooperation between neighbouring States should be enhanced under the auspices of the United Nations in order to strengthen international cooperation for combating terrorism ; such arrangements could make a useful contribution . Another speaker noted that , in order to   follow   a comprehensive approach to combating terrorism , cooperation at all levels was needednationally , regionally and globallyand that , at each level , collaboration between all relevant actors was also necessary . Thus , both a vertical approach and a horizontal approach were required .
 Other factors include tax cuts in Egypt , which are expected to boost private consumption and investment ; strong tourism growth in Morocco and Tunisia ; more foreign investment inflows to the oil-sectors of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya , Mauritania and the Sudan -LRB- if peace is secured -RRB- ; and strong growth in services in Tunisia and Mauritania . Aided by the expanded capacity in the oil sector and an improvement in the political situation , the Sudan is expected to expand at the fastest rate , 8 per cent , in 2005 ,   followed   by Algeria -LRB- 6.6 per cent -RRB- , Mauritania -LRB- 5.4 per cent -RRB- and Tunisia -LRB- 5.1 per cent -RRB- . West Africa is projected to improve slightly on its growth performance in 2004 .
 We have also noted the great care taken to ensure that transfers to national jurisdictions of cases of lesser responsibility do not take place to the detriment of international standards for rules of proceedings and the execution of sentences . We encourage the International Criminal Tribunals to remain attentive to the way in which national jurisdictions proceed with the cases transferred to them , because that monitoring , in our view , is a guarantee of the legal security of the transferred indictees and encouragement to the national courts concerned to   follow   good practices . In that regard , we note the manifest transparency of the Tribunals ' approach to precisely identifying uncertainties that affect the Completion Strategies .
 The United Arab Emirates notes with satisfaction the number of measures , albeit limited , taken in the last few years to improve some of the working methods of the Council , in particular as regards increasing the number of open meetings and inviting non-Council members to its debates , especially those participating in peacekeeping operations . Nevertheless , we are disappointed at the policy of double standards   followed   by the Council in addressing some of the issues on its agenda , specifically those pertaining to peace and security in the Middle East . That contradicts the Council 's previous relevant resolutions .
 In addition , the South African Government has entered into various bilateral treaties to further enhance this co-operation . Over and above the international , legislative and other regulatory mechanisms already mentioned in this report , the South African Government also utilises the   following   additional legislation , arrangements and agreements to co-operate with other States to prevent , combat and eradicate the illicit trafficking in nuclear , chemical or biological weapons , their means of delivery , and related materials : International Co-operation in Criminal Matters Act , 1996 -LRB- Act No. 75 of 1996 -RRB-
 His efforts to seek a compromise formula for the programme of work , as well as his idea supported by the Secretary-General of inviting the Minister for Foreign Affairs to attend this forum , undoubtedly constituted a fresh impetus in the efforts being made by the Conference to find a consensus on the programme of work . When taking its turn in the Chair , Peru could do no less than   follow   up this favourable impetus , this new momentum which has been pursued very wisely since January of this year . So that if there has been a surprise , it is that this year has been a promising year in that there is a new dynamic , a renewed impetus , thanks to the interest of all delegations in resolving the problem which has been the focus of an impasse up to now .
 The institutions to be considered from the preventive and regulatory aspect are : Any of the   following   entities who in the course of their duties encounter any suspicion of money laundering activities are obliged to report that information to the Financial Intelligence Analysis Unit : - The Central Bank of Malta -LRB- CBM -RRB- The Malta Financial Services Authority -LRB- MFSA -RRB- ; The Competent Authority nominated under the Banking Act , the Financial Institutions Act , the Investment Services Act , the Insurance Business Act , the Insurance Brokers and Other Intermediaries Act .
 The State must practise good governance . It must take all steps to ensure that the legislation formally in force constitutes the rule to be   followed   . In that context , decentralization could play a major role in ensuring good governance .
 Since then , we have not hesitated to deal with the devastating effects of armed conflict on civilian populations. We have mandated peacekeepers to ensure the protection of civilians. We have activated mechanisms to end impunity and stop abuses in the Darfur region of the Sudan , northern Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo .  Following   our call , the International Criminal Court is bringing to justice the perpetrators of the most serious crimes in those conflict situations . We have pledged full support for the appointment of a Special Adviser of the Secretary-General on the Prevention of Genocide .
 Together with forestry and fishing , the agriculture sector employs about two-thirds of the population and accounts for about half of the Country 's Gross Domestic Product -LRB- GDP -RRB- . The agricultural sector is   followed   by the services sector which is the second largest sector in terms of its share of GDP . The industrial sector , which is relatively diverse , takes up the third place in terms of its contribution to the country 's GDP .
 Consequently , it was not necessary to seek the agreement of the General Assembly on the matter . That being said , the question arose as to why the bulletin had been issued if the principle that it laid down was already being   followed   . It would also be helpful to clarify two statements contained in the written replies provided by the Secretariat , namely , that national law was used to determine the family status of a staff member but not the entitlements under that status , and that , by virtue of Article 97 of the Charter , the Secretary-General was authorized to lay down rules and policies to guide the Secretariat in the interpretation and implementation of the Staff Regulations and Rules .
 UNCTAD had provided important assistance to Africa , and Africans showed a high level of commitment to that organization , repeatedly requesting that resources for the provision of such assistance be increased . Other organizations   following   a different policy approach , such as the World Bank and IMF , also had an important role . Considerable shifts in the economic thinking governing those institutions had taken place over the last two decades and the development aspect had begun to acquire an increasing importance in their strategies .
 His Government was doing everything possible , including the adoption of legislation and the development of cooperation with other States , to prevent possible transfers through its territory of any components , materials and technology related to weapons of mass destruction . Under the European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- Action Plan for the Republic of Moldova , signed in February 2005 , his Government was committed to   following   the EU Strategy against Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction and its export control regimes . His Government was also committed to the goals of the Group of Eight -LRB- G-8 -RRB- Global Partnership against the Spread of Weapons and Materials of Mass Destruction , and to the Proliferation Security Initiative .
 Our revolutionary people and Government fully identify with the position of those progressive sectors , on behalf of the global interests of humanity . Accordingly , the revolutionary Government is continuing the tradition   followed   in Venezuela since 1939 , when the country 's Government and people granted territorial asylum to a group of Jews who had been the victims of Nazi persecution in Europe . Since then , that group  and later those who became what is now Venezuela 's Jewish community  has lived free from harassment , threats and oppression , in peace and harmony with their fellow citizens for the past 60 years .
 Mr. van Bohemen -LRB- New Zealand -RRB- said that his delegation welcomed the Commission 's progress on a number of topics , and hoped , in particular , that it could complete its work on the topics of diplomatic protection , international liability in case of loss from transboundary harm arising out of hazardous activities , and fragmentation of international law in the coming year . His delegation supported the approach the Commission had taken to the topic of responsibility of international organizations and agreed with the practice of   following   the articles on responsibility of States , unless there was good reason to depart therefrom . With regard to draft articles 12 and 13 , it supported the decision to model them on the corresponding articles on responsibility of States , mutatis mutandis .
 Some delegations asked UNOPS to explain the extent to which it had communicated with the Board of Auditors on follow-up and prioritization of steps ; whether its action plan was overambitious ; and what it was doing to foster a positive business culture and communication strategy . Delegations stressed the importance of   follow   up to the recommendations of the Board of Auditors , especially in improving internal management control . They requested that future reports include an indication of priority of the recommendations and a time frame for their implementation .
 These transactions should be reflected in both FDI inflows -LRB- in the recipient economy -RRB- and FDI outflows -LRB- in the investor 's economy -RRB- . However , it is unclear to what extent compilers of FDI data actually   follow   the recommended guidelines . Differing practices in this area represent another source of error when comparing FDI data across countries .
 Instead , the Ministry will follow the experiences of those countries which ratify it . The Ministry will also   follow   the debate on the Convention and on the safeguarding of the intangible cultural heritage in general . In this way , Finland can review the question of ratification at any later point on the basis of information and feedback thus obtained from the relevant cultural bodies in our country .
 For the purpose of assessing the validity of reservations , the object and purpose of the treaty means the essential provisions of the treaty , which constitute its raison d'tre . As to the method to be   followed   in each specific case to determine the object and purpose of the treaty , it is by no means easy to put together in a single formula all the elements to be taken into account . Such a process undoubtedly requires more esprit de finesse than esprit de gomtrie , like any act of interpretation , for that matter , in which category the process falls .
 The Working Group may also wish to consider whether the word methods in the heading should be changed to means , so as to conform to the use of means in the text . Secondly , the Working Group may consider that the words physical presence should be   followed   by the words of a person . Thirdly , as the word means is not itself defined in the text , the words of communicating , publishing , exchanging or storing information or documents could be inserted after the word means in either variant .
 For reports not originating in the Secretariat , such as those of intergovernmental bodies , an indicative guideline of a 10 , 700-word limit applies . The technical secretariats that assist in drafting such reports are urged and guided by Conference Services to provide strong support in order to   follow   the guideline . These secretariats can be held accountable for providing professional assistance to their bodies , including the observance of the page limit .
 C. Simultaneous distribution of documents In section III , paragraph 7 , of its resolution 59/265 , the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to ensure that the rules concerning the simultaneous distribution of documents in all official languages are   followed   with respect to both the distribution of printed copies and the posting of parliamentary documentation on the Official Document System and the United Nations website , in keeping with section III , paragraph 5 , of resolution 55/222 . The Department of Public Information , as the administrator of the United Nations website , has consistently ensured that all parliamentary documents posted on the site are in keeping with the rules pertaining to simultaneous distribution in all official languages .
 The International Court of Justice had referred to them on a number of occasions , most recently in its advisory opinion on the Legal Consequences of the Construction of a Wall in the Occupied Palestinian Territory . Other international tribunals had   followed   suit , demonstrating that the articles would have a long-term influence even if they did not take the form of a convention . In fact , adoption by means of a consensus resolution would ensure the universality of the articles and render them more prominent , persuasive and relevant in the future .
 With the aim of removing the concerns , and for the purpose of focusing on the main concept of the draft resolution  following up the implementation of the 1995 and 2000 disarmament obligations  we decided to modify paragraph 4 of draft resolution A/C.1/60/L.38 in the new , revised text of the draft. The new paragraph 4 , as reflected in document A/C.1/60/L.38/Rev.2 , reads as follows : Urges the States parties to the Treaty to   follow   up on the implementation of the nuclear disarmament obligations under the Treaty and agreed to at the 1995 Review and Extension Conference and the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty within the framework of the 2010 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty and its preparatory committees. As is clear from the revised text , the notion of establishing an ad hoc committee has been replaced by text urging the States parties to the NPT to follow up on the implementation of the 1995 and 2000 disarmament obligations .
 As already stated , the secretariat is a member of CPF , which is an innovative partnership of 14 major forest-related international organizations , institutions and convention secretariats . CPF was established in April 2001 ,   following   the recommendation of the United Nations Economic and Social Council -LRB- ECOSOC -RRB- . Its objectives are to support the work of UNFF and its member countries ; and to enhance cooperation and coordination on forest issues .
 They can also use those contacts to advise the law enforcement and prosecutorial authorities of the host State , as well as their own corresponding authorities , on how to formulate a formal request for assistance . Once such requests are submitted , the liaison officer can then   follow   up on the requests in an attempt to ensure that the request is complied with successfully and in a timely manner . This is of particular value when the legal systems of the two States differ widely .
 -LRB- ii -RRB- Price justification in domestic legislation France   follows   the same approach as that of the EU set out above , providing that should a tender appear to be abnormally low , it may be rejected -LRB- with written justification -RRB- after written clarification of details of the constituent elements of the tender has been requested , and after having taken the explanations received into account . Similar provisions are found in Austria , Sweden and the United Kingdom .
 Outputs 4.44 During the biennium 2006-2007 , the   following   outputs will be delivered : -LRB- a -RRB- Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies -LRB- regular budget -RRB- :
 Outputs During the biennium , the   following   outputs will be delivered : -LRB- b -RRB- Prosecution outputs : filings related to the prosecution of cases and appeals including : indictments , amended indictments , motions , responses to defence motions , witness statements , opening briefs , closing briefs , sentencing briefs , appeals on the merits , interlocutory appeals , plea agreements and miscellaneous applications for orders from judges or trial chambers , including applications for subpoenas , search warrants , the detention of suspects and the transmission of arrest warrants ;
 Malaysia also believes that the spirit of multilateralism enshrined in numerous international instruments must be upheld and applied without fear or favour . Malaysia also wishes to reaffirm its full support for the position taken by the Non-Aligned Movement as stipulated in the Final Document of the Thirteenth Non-Aligned Movement Summit adopted in Kuala Lumpur on 25 February 2003 , which states the   following   : The Heads of State or Government again called upon the Government of the United States of America to put an end to the economic , commercial and financial embargo against Cuba which , in addition to being unilateral and contrary to the United Nations Charter and international law , and to the principle of neighbourliness , is causing huge material losses and economic damages to the peoples of Cuba .
 The State of Qatar has not promulgated or applied any extraterritorial law or regulation which affects the sovereignty of other States , the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction or freedom of trade or international navigation , nor has it adopted any other measures contrary to General Assembly resolution 59/11 . Qatar   follows   a policy of full compliance with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations , in particular the principles of equal sovereignty of States and non-interference in their internal affairs . The Government of Qatar rejects the use of economic measures as a means of achieving political ends and adheres in its relations with other States to the fundamental principles of the Charter of the United Nations and the rules of international law .
 We need to do more and do it better and faster . We know what is needed in order to   follow   the road map from Monterrey . The Monterrey Consensus was not an optional to-do list from which we could choose what is easy and ignore what is difficult  and still expect results .
 As indicated above , the Government of the Czech Republic contributed US $ 37 , 000 towards the organization of the capacity-training workshop for Central African civil society organizations and NGOs . The Committee hopes that other Governments will   follow   the example of the Government of the Czech Republic in funding similar events . The Secretary-General reiterates his appeal to Member States , intergovernmental , governmental and non-governmental organizations to contribute to the Trust Fund of the Committee in order to enable the Committee to fully implement its programme of work .
 Offering his appreciation and thanks to the Government of Uruguay , Mr. Good congratulated the representatives on their participation in the meeting , which he termed a significant and extraordinary event which involved countries working together to find global solutions to global environmental problems . He noted that GEF was , as he put it , passing the test in working for various conventions as their financial mechanism and had made great efforts to   follow   the guidance issued by those conventions . It had now developed a significant portfolio for those areas which it covered and expedited project cycles , especially for enabling and capacity-building activities , working closely with the Secretariats of those conventions .
  Patterns of retirement : average age , rate of retirement , reason -LRB- choice/obligation -RRB- , phased , retirement intentions , recommendations on common terminology .  Measurement : use of a variety of sources , ongoing/ad hoc longitudinal studies that   follow   people over time . National participants at the meeting have been asked if they would be willing to prepare a brief paper outlining their perspectives and experiences on any of these issues for discussion in May 2006 , remembering that the discussions in Budapest would constitute only an initial foray .
 The Foundation provided relevant information to the Congress for the use of the congressmen and also published articles in local newspapers . It   followed   up the discussion that took place in the Chilean Congress with a view to the passage of legislation in accordance with the position of the Government of Chile in the United Nations -LRB- 2003-2004 -RRB- . World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB-
 Health and environment ministers from the Americas gathered to strengthen regional cooperation and to adopt a plan of action to address the growing impacts of environmental-health linkages . UNEP participated in the meeting and will   follow   the guidelines in the plan of action for developing relevant regional activities . The priority issues of the meeting included children 's environmental health , integrated water resources and solid waste management and the sound management of chemicals .
 It should be noted that Atlas only captures the main focus of each project , the actual expenditures for gender are higher but difficult to assess , as gender issues have been mainstreamed in other areas . The MYFF outcome receiving the largest share of resources in 2004 was access to comprehensive reproductive health services increased which received 38 per cent of regular resources ,   followed   by the outcome national , subnational and sectoral policies , plans and strategies take into account population and development linkages which received 15 per cent of regular resources in 2004 . It should be emphasized that these figures are provisional , to be confirmed when the 2004 financial closure is finalized .
 I consider it important to note that the Committee was honoured by the presence of the three Chairmen of the other counter-terrorism committees and working groups . I encourage Member States to   follow   the example of the United States by making use of the opportunity to meet with the Committee , since that is a very useful way for the Committee to evaluate the state of implementation of the Al-Qaida and Taliban sanctions regime , its strongest areas and its shortcomings . During the first months of this year , the Committee has been considering in great detail the second report of the Monitoring Team submitted last December pursuant to resolution 1526 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- .
 Attention should be focused on the specific trade- and development-related needs and concerns of small island developing States to enable them to fully integrate into the multilateral trading system in accordance with the Doha mandate on small economies . In order to address small island developing States ' concerns , the   following   are of high priority : agreed -LRB- a -RRB- Redoubled efforts towards the successful completion of the WTO negotiations launched at Doha on the basis of a balanced overall outcome that meets the ambition of the Doha mandate in fulfilment of the commitments ministers made at Doha ; agreed
 The Group has been able to determine that certain key details in those documents , such as the timing of the flight and actions taken by the pilot , are inaccurate , according to MONUC and air traffic control investigations . This case demonstrates that Congolese airspace can be properly supervised only if the crews of individual aircraft are willing to contact flight controllers and   follow   established aviation procedures . Clearly , this system is open to abuse by anyone seeking to violate the arms embargo .
 Despite these instances of residual troop presence during the Group 's second mandate , it has been Rwanda 's psychological warfare campaign threatening the Democratic Republic of the Congo with invasion that precipitated another cycle of violence .  Following   Rwanda 's lead , the flexing of military muscle by the ex-ANC troops has negatively affected the fragile army integration process and conflict has escalated between their units and other FARDC contingents sent to the area in December 2004 , following mobilization orders issued from Kinshasa . On 23 November 2004 , the Group met with a Rwandan government delegation chaired by Ambassador Sezibera , President Paul Kagame 's Special Envoy for the Great Lakes , to discuss issues related to the Group 's mandate as well as Rwanda 's security concerns .
 By the 1990s , Argentine OFDI was mainly in the iron and steel , oil and gas , and food industries . From 1990 to 1996 , the oil and gas industry accounted for 82 per cent of OFDI flows from Argentina ,   followed   by the food industry . Since the late 1990s Argentine oil companies that invested abroad , such as Prez Companc and YPF , have been sold to foreign companies , the Brazilian Petrobras and Spanish Repsol respectively .
 The Philippines stressed the importance of appointing a new UNIDO field representative in Manila and replacing its terminated support staff in order to speed up CSF implementation . His delegation welcomed the support given by all regional groups to the election of Mr. Yumkella as the Industrial Development Board 's candidate for UNIDO Director-General ; it hoped that the example thereby set of according equal opportunity to all regional groups to serve in UNIDO 's management would be   followed   in all aspects of organizational decision-making . Mr. CHO Chang-beom -LRB- Republic of Korea -RRB- commended the outgoing Director-General , Mr. Magarios , for his remarkable contribution to UNIDO .
 In legal terms , guidelines can be contrasted to rules . Guidelines provide a general model that may or may not be   followed   depending on the circumstances ; rules set out norms that must be followed . But codes of conduct , in particular detailed prohibitions against sexual exploitation and abuse , must have the status of binding rules. They can not be merely guidelines .
 It opens the door for many , if not all , States to retract their commitments , and it foretells a bleak future for succeeding generations . Since the Final Document -LRB- resolution S-10/2 -RRB- of the first special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament , held in 1978 , established the international community 's priorities in the field of disarmament  with nuclear disarmament at the forefront   followed   by other weapons of mass destruction and conventional weapons  little has been achieved within the multilateral framework in those three areas . This is true despite some progress at the bilateral level , which has yet to be replicated at the international level and which falls short of meeting our common objectives .
 And , as Chair of the Australia Group  now in its twentieth year  we are working to ensure effective controls on chemical and biological agents in order to prevent their misuse . There is an opportunity for the Committee to   follow   the example of such practical initiatives . Indeed , the adoption by consensus last year of resolution 59/90 , on preventing the illicit transfer and use of man-portable air defence systems -LRB- MANPADS -RRB- , showed that the Committee can respond to contemporary security concerns .
 I assure you , Sir , of our full support as you continue the work of your predecessors to reinvigorate the First Committee through interactive debate aimed at reaching a more productive outcome .  Following   our tradition , let me also commend the officials of the Secretariat , Mr. Nobuyasu Abe , Under-Secretary-General for Disarmament Affairs , and his teams in New York and Geneva for their invaluable dedication to the cause of multilateral disarmament , even in the face of a precarious financial situation . On this sixtieth anniversary of the founding of the United Nations , it is natural to recall the sombre global security situation in which the United Nations was born : the devastating world war that was unleashed in Europe and that concluded in Asia with equally horrifying results .
 According to the data available to UNODC at the time that the present report was being prepared , the largest volume of heroin seized in Western and Central Europe was reported by Italy -LRB- 2.5 tons , or 4 per cent of the global total -RRB- . In the Americas , the largest volume of heroin seized was reported by the United States , followed by Colombia ; and in Africa the largest volume was seized in Nigeria ,   followed   by Ghana . The seizure data for 2004 indicate that traffickers have heavily targeted the Islamic Republic of Iran and countries along the Balkan route .
 The shortcomings consisted mainly of lack of equipment , means of assistance and experience . In addition , there was a lack of communication between the various bodies involved , the directions from the Investigative Judge were not   followed   and he did not receive proper feedback concerning the progress of the investigation -LSB- witness statement -RSB- . During the period of his functions as Investigative Judge , Judge Mezher summoned approximately 10 people to his office for interrogations , comprising staff from the St. George Hotel , Mr. Hariri 's close protection officers , the father and mother of Mr. Ahmad Abu Adass and some eyewitnesses .
 There is no provision for special family credits or loans at the State level . In private institutions and commercial banks , loan applications are dealt with   following   general principles , with no distinction between men and women , if they can provide security and can repay the loan at the established rate . The rules governing the granting of loans are the same for men and women .
 The Family Health Survey found that overall knowledge of contraception in Belize is fairly high . Amongst women interviewed , oral contraceptives were the most known -LRB- 92 % -RRB- form of contraception ,   followed   by injection -LRB- 88 % -RRB- and condoms -LRB- 85 % -RRB- . Knowledge of contraceptive methods was lowest amongst the Mayan population , where 69.9 % knew of oral contraceptives , 42.8 % knew of condoms and 69.1 % knew about the injection method. 8 % did not know about even one method of contraception .
 More than half of all cases were repeated incidents . The most common abuses suffered for women were physical ,   followed   by psychological abuse . Over 70 % of the clients affected lived in urban areas , with the majority of reported cases occurring in the Belize District .
 Election of officers Also at its 666th meeting , on 10 January 2005 , the Committee , in accordance with article 19 of the Convention , elected by acclamation the   following   officers to serve for a term of two years : Rosario Manalo -LRB- Philippines -RRB- , Chairperson ; Meriem Belmihoub-Zerdani -LRB- Algeria -RRB- and Silvia Pimentel -LRB- Brazil -RRB- , Vice-Chairpersons ; and Dubravka imonovi -LRB- Croatia -RRB- , Rapporteur . At its 669th meeting , on 13 January , the Committee elected by acclamation Hanna Beate Schpp-Schilling -LRB- Germany -RRB- as a Vice-Chairperson .
 The policy , inter-alia , emphasizes the need to orient the entire education system to play a positive interventionist role in the empowerment of women by providing special support services for women 's education and to remove factors which impede the spread of women's/girls ' education . The National Literacy Mission set up in 1988 with the goal of attaining full literacy , i.e. , a sustainable threshold level of 75 per cent by 2005 , continues to   follow   a multi-pronged strategy to eradicate illiteracy . So far , out of the 600 districts identified , 576 have taken up intensive literacy work .
 Elementary education received the highest priority with more than half -LRB- 2.02 per cent -RRB- the investment being at this level . The per capita budgeted expenditure during 2001-02 was highest in Lakshwadweep -LRB- Rs.3 , 439.11 -RRB-   followed   by Sikkim -LRB- Rs.2 , 435.98 -RRB- , Andaman and Nicobar Islands -LRB- Rs.2 , 371.23 -RRB- and lowest in Bihar -LRB- Rs.386.45 -RRB- followed by Uttar Pradesh -LRB- Rs.465.20 -RRB- and Orissa -LRB- Rs.500.39 -RRB- . The percentage of budgeted expenditure on education to the total State Budget was highest in Assam -LRB- 31.36 % -RRB- followed by Madhya Pradesh -LRB- 30.18 % -RRB- and Maharashtra -LRB- 25.88 % -RRB- .
 The teacher-pupil ratio has not changed significantly at the primary school stage between 1997-98 and 2002-2003 , despite the decrease in the number of students per teacher in several States . The ratio increased steeply from 47 to 83 students in Bihar ,   followed   by Jharkhand , Uttar Pradesh , West Bengal and Chattisgarh indicating that in these States the appointment of teachers has not kept pace with the increased enrolment of students in schools . At the upper primary level , the ratio has decreased from 37 to 34 students and at the secondary level it has increased from 29 to 33 .
 A pilot project is being implemented in 51 backward districts in the country where undernourished adolescent girls , pregnant and lactating women are provided 6 kgs of wheat/rice per month free of cost . Food and Nutrition Board : of the DWCD comprising of a technical wing at the centre , four regional offices , Quality Control Laboratories and 43 Community Food and Nutrition Extension Units -LRB- CFNEUs -RRB- located in 29 States/UTs is primarily engaged in nutrition education and training activities , mass awareness programmes , promotion of nutrition among infants and young children and   follow   up action on the National Nutrition Policy . The Board developed National Guidelines on Infant and Young Child Feeding in English and Hindi and released them during the World Breast Feeding Week in August 2004 .
 However , there are certain States/districts with an alarmingly low sex-ratio . The ratio is least in Punjab with just 798 female per 1000 male children ,   followed   by Haryana -LRB- 819 -RRB- , Chandigarh -LRB- 845 -RRB- and Delhi -LRB- 868 -RRB- . This clearly indicates a strong son preference , widespread prevalence of pre-natal sex determination and selection practices and existence of socio-cultural practices like dowry and low status accorded to women in decision-making .
 Twenty four cases have been filed for sex determination and disclosure of the sex of the foetus . Of them , the number is highest in the State of Haryana -LRB- 12 -RRB-   followed   by Punjab -LRB- 8 -RRB- , Maharashtra -LRB- 2 -RRB- Karnataka -LRB- 1 -RRB- and Tamil Nadu -LRB- 1 -RRB- . Eighteen cases have been filed against those who have advertised about facilities for pre-conception and pre-natal sex selection .
 Basic Information India   follows   plural system of law based on religion . As stated in the Initial Report various religious communities follow their respective laws for matters regarding marriage , divorce , child custody , guardianship and such other matters that are related to rights within the family .
 India follows plural system of law based on religion . As stated in the Initial Report various religious communities   follow   their respective laws for matters regarding marriage , divorce , child custody , guardianship and such other matters that are related to rights within the family . However women are not treated equally with men in marriage and family relations .
 Archbishop Migliore -LRB- Holy See -RRB- : The summit marking the sixtieth anniversary of the United Nations is over , but to bring it to completion our work here must build upon its outcome document -LRB- resolution 60/1 -RRB- so as to fulfil the agreed package of reforms with vision and determination . The Holy See , having   followed   the outcome document 's development closely , welcomes much of what is proposed . However , the lack of consensus on arms control and non-proliferation issues is regrettable .
 At the end of 2004 , the HIV/AIDS practice had 132 registered practitioners within the organization , of whom 54 per cent were women . Leadership and capacity development is the best-resourced service line , registering 44 per cent of all practitioners ,   followed   by development planning and implementation , with 31 per cent , and advocacy and communication , with 25 per cent . This distribution may suggest that UNDP needs to strengthen the capacity of staff in the areas of development planning and implementation , as well as in advocacy and communication .
 Mr. Vassilakis -LRB- Greece -RRB- : The last two years have definitely been very difficult for the Secretary-General . But we all   followed   his courage , determination and candidness in presenting suggestions and making changes , starting with the appointment of the Independent Inquiry Committee . I think his statement today proves what I just said .
 On instructions from my Government , I wish formally to reiterate the position of Switzerland with respect to the crimes committed in Darfur . Switzerland has for several years supported the efforts to bring peace to the Sudan and has   followed   attentively the discussions of recent weeks on Darfur in the Security Council . It urges the members of the Council to refer the situation in Darfur to the International Criminal Court , in accordance with the recommendations of the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on Darfur established by the Council .
 It is a well-known fact that the air traffic control authority , Rgie des voies -LRB- RVA -RRB- , which is the body designated by the Democratic Republic of the Congo to be responsible for air traffic services in its airspace , lacks air-to-ground communication equipment . Some aircraft take advantage of this and circulate in this region without bothering to contact an air traffic control centre or   follow   the filed flight plan . The division of the airspace could also become a potential source of failure to respect the measures set forth in Security Council resolution 1596 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .
 One of the formidable challenges involved in supporting the implementation of the Agreement is that of maintaining confidence in the process by ensuring that each party shoulders its share of the responsibility in good faith and in a timely manner . The armed forces of the two camps , as they have done in the past , have shown the way by scrupulously   following   the disarmament timetables . It is important for political leaders to fulfil their obligations .
 In that context , we express our thanks for the Committee 's use of time during the present session . In that respect , we understand that flexibility is essential , both on the part of the incoming Chairman  who , we hope , will   follow   your example  and on the part of members , who made their contributions and were ready to make their statements within this system of a rolling list and to take full advantage of conference services . Therefore , my delegation suggests that we conduct ourselves with the same flexibility  or humanity , as some delegations have said  provided that we share the goal of making the most effective use of our time and resources .
 Statistics also include data on personnel and resources . In general , the police represent the largest portion -LRB- 80 per cent -RRB- of the criminal justice personnel ,   followed   by adult prison staff -LRB- 9 per cent -RRB- and professional judges -LRB- 6 per cent -RRB- -LRB- see figure XIV -RRB- . It should be noted , however , that the situation is not the same everywhere .
 During the same period , the proportion of persons arrested for burglary decreased -LRB- from 91 to 84 per 100 , 000 inhabitants -RRB- . Among the persons convicted by criminal courts , the highest rates were observed for theft and assault -LRB- on average , 88 and 51 per 100 , 000 inhabitants , respectively -RRB- ,   followed   by drug-related crime -LRB- 37 per 100 , 000 inhabitants -RRB- . However , while the rates for assault and theft decreased between 1995 and 2002 , the rates for drug-related crime increased .
 Prisons The highest incarceration rates were observed in the Americas ,   followed   by Africa -LRB- see figure XV -RRB- . The rates of prisoners awaiting trial were highest in Asia and Africa , where it accounted for approximately one third of the total incarceration rate .
 Participants agreed that efforts should be made to change the unsustainable use of water resources , especially in irrigation practices . Information derived from satellite data could provide evidence of the pattern of use of water resources , which could be used to suggest courses of action that should be   followed   . To raise awareness about the use of space-based information in water resource management , participants agreed that regional workshops on the use of space technologies for water resource management should be organized for policymakers .
 It attempted to address two forward-looking questions : what are the challenges currently facing our WMD verification and compliance mechanisms , and what are some of the practical and potentially achievable responses to these challenges ? This study utilized an integrated consultation process which combined an Internet-based expert questionnaire containing 72 questions on WMD-related verification and compliance issues ,   followed   by a series of five conference calls and a two-day workshop with approximately 20 Canadian and international Government and non-government experts . A copy of the report can be found on the website of the Weapons of Mass Destruction Commission at http : //www.wmdcommission.org/files/No20.pdf .
 Accordingly , the Committee held its first session in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002 .  Following   the decision taken at that session , the Committee held its second session at Geneva from 28 April to 9 May 2003 and its third session in New York from 26 April to 7 May 2004 . Reports covering the first two sessions of the Committee were issued , respectively , as documents NPT/CONF.2005/PC.I/21 and Corr.1 and NPT/CONF.2005/PC.II/50 .
 The Codification Division of the Office of Legal Affairs provided the substantive services for the Ad Hoc Committee . At the same meeting , the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the   following   agenda -LRB- A/AC.252/L.14 -RRB- : Opening of the session .
 Technical visits , meetings and workshops UNMOVIC continues to   follow   up on dual-use technology developments and to assess the implications for its mandate and the application of new technologies in detection , monitoring and verification . An UNMOVIC expert from the roster attended Biotechnica , a biotechnology conference held in October in Hanover , Germany , where manufacturers of biotechnology and detection technology displayed their latest lines of products .
 The programme will also benefit greatly from the creation of a fund to finance the road system . A programme to counter the impact of drought in the southern and eastern provinces of the Kingdom was also launched in early 2003 ,   following   a royal order to provide aid to those provinces , which have had little rain for six successive years . The programme will cost approximately DH246.4 million and will be funded entirely from State budget allocations .
 That Act seeks to prevent and limit risks and establish effective safeguards against incidents or accidents which may occur during an industrial activity and which could endanger the life of persons or cause damage to facilities . Safety procedures must be   followed   at all stages of industrial activity , from production to use , including the storage and transport of industrial products , in accordance with article 6 of the Act . This general Act is complemented by regulations relating to the safety provisions of the Act .
 Promotion and modernization programmes are implemented by the Government and the bodies designated by it to improve the professional and technical skills of staff in order to help enterprises adapt rapidly to technological advances . The Sensitive Materials Control Act defines all the requirements which must be   followed   by all those who work with goods considered to be sensitive , and their responsibilities , including with regard to all commercial activities : production , import , distribution , retailing , transport or storage . Persons involved in such activities must have a licence to work with sensitive goods and articles 3 and 4 specify who may apply for such a licence and indicate the information to be given in the licence , for example the list of facilities authorized to handle sensitive goods .
 In that context , it is crucial to respect the right to regulate as well as the need to experiment with different regulatory approaches , particularly in developing countries . In fact , developing countries need to   follow   a mix of active public policies in order to develop their private sector . Private sector development is crucial for increasing both developing countries ' domestic capacities and the international competitiveness of their professional services .
 For developing countries to increase their exports through the global outsourcing of services , a number of preconditions need to be met . Among them are the creation of an efficient telecommunications infrastructure ; the development of an education system in line with the needs of the market ; enhanced awareness on the part of firms concerning the availability of certification for services in their export markets -LRB- particularly for developed countries -RRB- ; and   following   the global developments and trends in treating privacy and any other relevant issues in countries of major trade interest . As negotiations under the GATS are gaining momentum , it is important to pre-empt protectionist trends by locking in the openness that cross-border trade in services currently enjoys and to ensure continued growth of trade in services through this mode of supply .
 If the transfer includes liabilities that are connected to or flow from the right that is transferred , the transferor and the transferee are jointly and severally liable in respect of such liabilities. For ease of reference , the draft provisions of the draft instrument are referenced here   following   the numbering of the revised text of the draft instrument contained in A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.32 . These provisions will be renumbered at the end of the second reading of the draft instrument , when the Secretariat will prepare a new consolidated draft of the draft instrument .
 In this note , the secretariat recommended that each section should consist of one part dealing strictly with the implementation of the Convention and another part dealing with other activities relating to combating desertification . At the beginning , many reports submitted   followed   their own format , and it was not easy or often even not possible to draw pertinent conclusions on emerging trends in the support provided by developed country Parties . That has improved over time , however , and by COP 4 , the reports submitted by developed country Parties were much more homogeneous than previously .
 Encourages the continuation of work on the LADA and the involvement of experts from the roster of independent experts in assessments ; Requests the secretariat to continue to   follow   closely the activities of the LADA ; Invites the GoE to take the necessary action to strengthen the links between the GoE and the work of the LADA ;
 It recalled General Assembly resolution 58/167 of 22 December 2003 on human rights and cultural diversity which emphasized that the promotion of cultural pluralism and tolerance at the national , regional and international levels is important for enhancing respect for cultural rights and cultural diversity . It also reiterated the necessity of   following   up on the Cairo Declaration on Human Rights in Islam , and called upon all the Member States to continue their coordination and cooperation in the area of human rights in the relevant international fora with the view to enhance Islamic solidarity in confronting attempts to use human rights as a means to politically pressurize any of the Member States . The Meeting expressed its opposition to the practice of submitting country-specific resolutions on human rights situations which are selectively targeting developing and Islamic countries .
 That information is included in the annex to the present report , using the same numbering for the statistical tables and the same conventional standards and definitions as adopted in previous years . The present report , however , adopts a renewed structure since it introduces the   following   two sections in order to respond to the request in paragraph 22 , taking into account the debate at the fifty-ninth session of the General Assembly in 2004 , concerning the triennial comprehensive policy review . Section II focuses on the analysis of trends , through the use of synthetic tables and graphic illustrations , and a descriptive text , which focuses on the evolution in time and structural information inferred from data .
 At regional level -LRB- UNHCR Riyadh -RRB- : - QCS has participated in regional meetings to discuss humanitarian emergencies especially in Iraq and to   follow   up on the implementation of decisions past meetings . In May 2002 , QCS hosted at its headquarters in Doha - Qatar the 3rd UNHCR regional meeting with Gulf Countries NGOs developing partnership between UNHCR and Gulf humanitarian organizations. Other meetings where QCS participated during the reporting period are :
 PART IV Other relevant activities : The NGO representative of the organisation regularly follows the   following   Congress of Nongovernmental Organizations in Consultative Relationship with the United Nations -LRB- CONGO -RRB- NGO Committees : Social Development , and its sub-committee on the Eradication of Poverty ; HIV/AIDS ; and , NGO working groups on Financing for Development and the Democratic Republic of the Congo . She is the current Chair of the NGO Committee for social Development since 2004 .
 The analysis was intended for the survey of methods of institutional treatment -LRB- health care , justice , police , social work centres and non-governmental organizations -RRB- of women who were exposed to family violence and legal bases for dealing with the violence against women . The analysis based on a questionnaire that was answered by police administrations showed that the majority of suspects and victims of violence are found in marital and extra-marital relationships -LRB- 34 per cents -RRB- ,   followed   by friendship relationships or acquaintances -LRB- 25 per cents -RRB- , total strangers -LRB- 15 per cents -RRB- and former spouses or extra-marital partners -LRB- 3 per cents -RRB- . Based on the findings of this analysis , the positions and draft proposal of a fundamental legal act on the prevention of family violence were prepared .
 Also encouraging is the information that the number of referrals to specialists at the secondary level has been in constant decrease -LRB- 4.9 per cent of treated women -RRB- as well as the number of referrals to further treatment in hospitals -LRB- 3.2 per cent of treated women -RRB- . The highest rate of referrals to secondary treatment includes preventive or curative mammography ,   followed   by referrals to childbirth and treatment related to the permitted or spontaneous abortion . With regard to the above-mentioned good access of women to gynaecologists already at the primary level , also the access to contraceptives for women among all age groups is rated well .
 The most recent research on sexual behaviour of Slovenian upper secondary school pupils indicate the age of 17 to be the average age for the first sexual intercourse . The most frequent contraceptive method among sexually active upper secondary school pupils is the use of condoms -LRB- 49 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by contraceptive pills -LRB- 32 per cent -RRB- , pills and condoms -LRB- 4 per cent -RRB- , withdrawal method/coitus interruptus -LRB- 4 per cent -RRB- , and other methods -LRB- 4 per cent -RRB- . Seven per cent of secondary school girls and boys do not use any contraceptive method .
 Mr. Bazinas -LRB- Secretariat -RRB- said that recommendation 191 dealt with a conflict of priority between different providers of acquisition financing in the context of the non-unitary approach . It   followed   the approach taken in systems where retention-of-title sellers or financial lessors had priority as against general secured creditors and stated the principle that suppliers of goods had priority over other acquisition financiers , provided that they had made the right effective against third parties , in accordance with recommendation 189 -LRB- b -RRB- . The note to the Commission following recommendation 191 drew attention to the fact that the latter recommendation was based on the assumption that the draft Guide contained an additional recommendation along the following lines : The law should provide that , in a non-unitary system , a lender may acquire an acquisition security right or an acquisition financing right through an assignment of the secured obligation from a supplier .
 He was most encouraged by the endorsement given by the Board to the theme and sub-themes for the Conference . The secretariat could henceforth focus on   following   up in more detail the work to be done , starting with the high-level event and other parallel events for UNCTAD XII . Chapter VIII
 General Assembly resolution 61/198 on the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction contains a number of relevant provisions in this regard . In order to highlight the fact that disaster reduction and response are two distinct processes , some organizations suggest inserting the word both in the text of the recommendation just prior to the two instances where the phrase disaster reduction and response appears , and in the sentence immediately   following   the recommendation . In addition , the sentence should have been further amended to highlight the development dimension , reading as follows : This recommendation would improve coordination of humanitarian assistance and development activities for both disaster reduction and response among the participating organizations concerns through enhanced governance at the intergovernmental level.
 Protocol V was consistent with that idea . The United States considered that that instrument would go a long way towards mitigating the suffering caused by explosive remnants of war , when large numbers of countries acceded to it , applied it and   followed   the provisions of its technical annex relating to reliability of munitions , which should immediately reduce the number of such munitions which became explosive remnants . It was clear from the work of the States parties on the question of explosive remnants of war , the questionnaire on international humanitarian law and the analysis of responses prepared by Professor McCormack that the law applicable to explosive remnants of war was adequate .
 D. Interregional Programme to Support Self-reliance of Indigenous and Tribal Communities through Cooperatives and other Self-help Organizations The Interregional Programme to Support Self-reliance of Indigenous and Tribal Communities through Cooperatives and other Self-help Organizations -LRB- INDISCO -RRB- works for the improvement of the socio-economic situation of indigenous and tribal peoples on the basis of the core principles of Convention No. 169. Recently , INDISCO has focused on the   following   areas : INDISCO and the Project to Promote ILO Policy on Indigenous and Tribal Peoples in the Philippines
 INDISCO and the Project to Promote ILO Policy on Indigenous and Tribal Peoples in the Philippines In the Philippines , INDISCO is implemented   following   the framework of the Decent Work Country Programme and the rights-based approach by promoting the rights and reducing the poverty of indigenous and tribal peoples . It utilizes a dual strategy for intervention through both policy advice and capacity-building assistance under the combined programmes of the Project to Promote International Labour Organization Policy on Indigenous and Tribal Peoples and INDISCO .
 The Panel sought information from Member States , including Chad , Eritrea and the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya , on specific individuals allegedly providing financial support to these non-State armed groups in Darfur . The Panel is in the process of   following   up with these States , and with the Egmont Group , the Middle East and North Africa Financial Action Task Force in Bahrain , and certain banks in the United Arab Emirates . Security Council resolution 1591 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- imposes an obligation on Member States to take action regarding assets of designated persons only , not all those who violate the provisions of resolution 1591 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , even those who provide financial and logistical support to the non-State armed groups .
 Members of the Panel met with Abdul Wahid in Paris in early June 2007 . During the meeting Abdul Wahid communicated the   following   preconditions to entering into negotiations : full deployment of a hybrid United Nations-African Union peace operation in Darfur ; return of internally displaced persons to their towns and villages of residence ; and compensation for those affected by the conflict . The non-participation of SLA/AW representatives or any other party that purports to represent the best interests of the people of Darfur in a genuine , inclusive and sustainable peace/mediation initiative constitutes a serious impediment to the peace process .
 Organization of work The Meeting of the Parties agreed to   follow   its customary procedures . It also requested three contact groups that had been set up at the twenty-seventh meeting of the Open-ended Working Group of the Parties to the Montreal Protocol to continue their deliberations at the current meeting under the same chairs. Specifically , those groups were :
 As a co-sponsor of the resolution , Macedonia remains committed to close and effective cooperation among Member States on establishing common international standards on the export , import and transfer of conventional arms . Macedonia is of the opinion that , in view of the international nature of arms trade , effective control of the import , export and transfer of conventional arms requires the establishment of a transparent and universal framework for all States to   follow   , aimed at the harmonization of their national legislation and practice . Feasibility
 Priority measures identified to support the implementation of educational activities include the development of curricula , the development and dissemination of educational and study materials on climate change and the establishment of information networks and education centres . Participants ranked policymakers   followed   by the general public , in particular the youth , as key target audiences . The importance of the clergy as well as the role of women was underscored by some participants , who suggested that emphasis should be given to educating these groups on environmental issues in general to enable them to convey awareness of the risks and impacts of climate change effectively to the general public and youth groups .
 Outside observers might deduce from this that the First Committee should have an important role to play . Would they conclude that we were indeed exercising that role responsibly , reflecting the world as it is , or could they be forgiven at times for wondering how much the real world penetrated into the debates in these august chambers or when we failed to   follow   our own agreed procedures for open-ended consultations on draft resolutions ? As the Foreign Secretary also commented , our international community depends on responsibilities as well as on rights .
 -LRB- d -RRB- Capacity-Building and Monitoring and Evaluation Adviser -LRB- P-4 -RRB- , responsible for the review of the institutional capacity-building framework , advice on the principles for the recruitment and retention of international civilian advisers , establishment of performance benchmarks and evaluation of their performance ; monitoring and evaluation of the progress achieved and analysis of lessons learned from institutional capacity-building activities , and for recommending remedial action , if necessary ; -LRB- e -RRB- Civil Society and Media Adviser -LRB- P-4 -RRB- , who will follow up on the creation of formalized mechanisms for consultation and collaboration between civil society and the organs of the State , assist and   follow   up on the development of a free and independent press and a strong civil society and their ability to act as watchdogs in enhancing accountability and good governance ; -LRB- f -RRB- 7 Research and Monitoring Officers -LRB- 5 National Officers and 2 United Nations Volunteers -RRB- responsible for : information gathering ; monitoring and evaluation of the progress in institutional capacity development , including activities undertaken in this respect by the United Nations system organizations and development partners ; consulting on the performance of international advisers and liaison and collaboration with the national authorities on the effective implementation of capacity development practices .
 The discussions raise concerns regarding the content of the draft Code . The office will continue to   follow   the adoption process closely . D. Impunity
 The office has been informed that progress has been hampered by lack of judges , prosecutors and clerks . The office continued to   follow   developments in other high-profile contract killings which took place in Phnom Penh during the run-up to the 2003 National Assembly elections and the political deadlock that followed before a new Government formed in July 2004 . They include Sam Buntheon , Director of Vipasona Meditation Center , a monk and teacher who was shot dead on 6 February 2003 by two gunmen and died two days later .
 One speaker recommended the establishment of a mechanism for asset recovery that would contribute to more effective coordination between requesting and requested States . The mechanism , which should be composed of legal experts , should provide for the following : -LRB- a -RRB- guidance and advice on asset recovery requests ; -LRB- b -RRB- coordinating between requesting and requested States ; -LRB- c -RRB- attempting to overcome differences between the legal systems of requesting and requested States ; and -LRB- d -RRB-   following   up on the implementation of the Convention , in particular its provision on international cooperation . The work of the mechanism should be reflected in a report and recommendations to the Conference of the States Parties .
 -LRB- b -RRB- In paragraphs 57-58 , it should be clarified that the right of the secured creditor to take over the management of the grantor 's business and to sell it as a going concern could raise difficult issues , including the liability of the secured creditor for management acts and the protection of rights of other creditors ; -LRB- c -RRB- In paragraph 92 , it should be clarified that , if the proceeds took the form of a type of asset , such as receivables , with respect to which special enforcement rules applied , enforcement should   follow   the rules applicable to that type of asset . Chapter XI. Insolvency
 However , the Commission was not in favour of requesting the Secretariat to undertake similar work in other areas with a view to preparing a comprehensive reference document . The Commission agreed to request the Secretariat to continue to   follow   closely legal developments in the relevant areas , with a view to making appropriate suggestions in due course . In view of the valuable work that had already been done , the Commission requested the Secretariat to publish the sample chapter as a stand-alone publication .
 The Committee took action on item 36 at its 6th meeting , on 15 October -LRB- see A/C.4/62/SR.6 -RRB- . For its consideration of the item , the Committee had before it the   following   documents : -LRB- a -RRB- Relevant chapters of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples ;
 With respect to women 's reasons for migration , 37 per cent stated that it was for employment , 34 per cent for residence , 17 per cent for tourism and the remaining women gave other reasons . During the last five years , Spain was the destination of choice for these migrants -LRB- 51 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by the United States of America -LRB- 21 per cent -RRB- and Italy -LRB- 13 per cent -RRB- , and several other countries to a lesser degree . The findings of International Migration , which analyses the outflows of Ecuadorian women and men between 2001 and 2003 , shows similar tendencies as the census , with the exception of the reasons for migration : the number of women who stated that they left for tourism decreased from 96 per cent in 2001 to 80 per cent in 2002 and to 64 per cent in 2003 .
 The Rio Group congratulates the Director of the Regional Centre on its great work . It is a model to be   followed   . The Rio Group will cooperate with you , Mr. Chairman , to ensure that the work of the First Committee concludes successfully , and trusts in your leadership to achieve that objective .
 Of those 88 projects , 45.5 per cent are aimed at establishing a knowledge repository for technical and scientific publications , guidelines , best practices and lessons learned ; 15.9 per cent focus on providing access to information and communications technology resources ; 13.6 per cent are related to education and prevention applications ; and only 11.4 per cent focus on the establishment of direct clinical care , epidemiology or education through practical training . The private sector was the most frequent leader , leading 31.8 per cent of the 88 projects ,   followed   by international and national agencies , which led 23.8 per cent of projects . The private sector was the most frequent source of funding .
 -LRB- a -RRB- Revision and alignment of objectives , strategies , outputs , resource requirements and budget allocations in accordance with the six-year Medium-term Strategic and Institutional Plan , including a revised timetable for the principal activities of its implementation ; -LRB- b -RRB- Clear definition of the priorities under different budget scenarios in a way which would lead to the maximum possible degree of implementation of the Medium-term Strategic and Institutional Plan , including a clear indication of the human resource needs   following   an assessment and prioritization of the required posts under each scenario , taking into consideration both staff redeployment and additional staff ; -LRB- c -RRB- Inclusion of a timetable for the preparation of and consultation on the strategic framework and the work programme and budget for the biennium 2010-2011 ;
 The primary responsibilities of the Section are to coordinate acquisition planning ; to monitor compliance with procurement policies , guidelines and procedures ; and to review and implement the findings and recommendations of the oversight bodies . In addition ,   following   the standards and policies developed by the Procurement Reform Implementation Team , the ethics and integrity programmes and other initiatives to promote the highest standard of ethical conduct among all staff involved in the acquisition process will continue to be developed . The conduct of management reviews of procurement activities in peacekeeping missions by the Planning , Compliance and Monitoring Section is consistent with the Procurement Service 's focus on improving risk management .
 1970 Constitution The provisions for the protection of fundamental rights and freedoms of the Independence Constitution of 1970   follow   the style of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and of the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms of 1953 , and express both the rights and freedoms and the exceptions to them in very detailed terms . Section 3 provides that every person whatever his race , place of origin , political opinions , colour , creed or sex , subject to the rights of others and public interest , is entitled to life , liberty , security of person , protection of the law , freedom of conscience , religion , assembly and association and protection of privacy and from deprivation of property without compensation .
 The Ministry of Justice has established a special committee to examine penalty laws with a view to harmonizing them with the recent international developments in the framework of combating significant terrorist acts . The Interior Ministry has also set up a working group to   follow   up the implementation of instruments concluded with Arab and other countries . Information received from international organizations
 By joining the Ottawa Convention Indonesia is once again manifesting its firm commitment to achieving a global disarmament regime in general and to creating a mine-free world in particular . It is our fervent hope that this step will be   followed   by other countries that remain outside the Convention , most particularly in the south-east Asia region , which is considered one of the most mine-affected regions of the world . The PRESIDENT : I thank Ambassador Wibisono for his statement , and I now see the delegates of Algeria and Venezuela , who have raised their nameplates to ask for the floor .
 At the 2nd meeting , on 29 November 2006 , Mr. Juan E. Mndez , Special Adviser to the Secretary-General on the Prevention of Genocide , presented his report -LRB- E/CN.4/2006/84 -RRB- . During the ensuing interactive dialogue , at the same meeting , the   following   made statements and put questions to Mr. Mndez : -LRB- c -RRB- Observers for the following non-governmental organizations : Colombian Commission of Jurists , International Commission of Jurists and United Nations Watch .
 They should be able to identify the earliest signs of disability and make the appropriate referrals for diagnosis and management . Therefore , the Committee recommends that States parties establish systems of early identification and early intervention as part of their health services , together with birth registration and procedures for   following   the progress of children identified with disabilities at an early age . Services should be both community- and home-based , and easy to access .
 That Act seeks to prevent and limit risks and establish effective safeguards against incidents or accidents which may occur during an industrial activity and which could endanger the life of persons or cause damage to facilities . Safety procedures must be   followed   at all stages of industrial activity , from production to use , including the storage and transport of industrial products , in accordance with article 6 of the Act . This general Act is complemented by regulations relating to the safety provisions of the Act .
 Industrial facilities and products , as well as their use and functioning , must meet the requirements set out in the Act or be subject to a fine or temporary or permanent closure of the facility . The safety of facilities is monitored by the competent ministry , which may itself or through monitoring bodies , at the request of any interested individual or ex officio , undertake an inspection at any time to ensure that safety procedures are being   followed   -LRB- article 11 of the Act -RRB- . These monitoring bodies , also called inspection and monitoring enterprises , are public or private entities possessing juridical personality and are required to have the human and material resources , as well as the essential impartiality , for such activities .
 In States in which the security right in a right to payment of funds credited to a bank account is made effective against third parties by registration of a notice in a public registry or by acknowledgment on the part of the depositary bank , the notice or acknowledgement may or may not impose duties on the depositary bank to follow instructions from the secured creditor as to the funds in the account . If such duties are not imposed on the depositary bank under the laws of a particular State , the secured creditor 's right to obtain the funds in the bank account upon enforcement of the security right would usually depend upon whether the customer-grantor has instructed the depositary bank to   follow   the secured creditor 's instructions as to the funds or the depositary bank has agreed with the secured creditor to do so . In the absence of such instructions or agreement , the secured creditor may need to enforce the security right in the bank account by using judicial process to obtain a court order requiring the depositary bank to turn over the funds credited to the bank account to the secured creditor .
 Conditions for Accelerated HCFC Phase-Out for Article 5 Parties That , in the fulfillment of the control schedule set out in paragraph 2 of this Decision , the   following   conditions shall be met : -LRB- a -RRB- The Multilateral Fund shall meet , on a grant basis , all incremental costs of Parties operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5 to enable their compliance with the adjusted control measures on HCFCs. All HCFCs projects will be eligible for funding irrespective of their relative cost effectiveness ;
 -LRB- a -RRB- Registration will be open to all non-governmental organizations that are in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council and to all non-governmental organizations and business sector entities accredited to the Monterrey Conference or to its follow-up process ; -LRB- b -RRB- Interested non-governmental organizations and business sector entities that are not in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council or were not accredited to the Monterrey Conference shall apply to the General Assembly for accreditation   following   the accreditation procedures established during the Conference ; -LRB- c -RRB- The above arrangements concerning participation of non-governmental organizations and business sector entities in the Review Conference and its preparatory process will in no way create a precedent for meetings of the General Assembly ;
 Among those invited , there were specialized agencies , international and regional intergovernmental organizations , and national , regional and international non-governmental organizations . As regards arrangements for future sessions , the Secretary-General -LRB- in his note A/CN.9/7 -RRB- invited the Commission to consider a suitable type of relationship to be established with intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations taking into account procedures   followed   in this respect in particular by the UNCTAD TDB . It was noted that should the Commission decide to adopt the procedures of the UNCTAD TDB mutatis mutandis , it would be necessary for the Commission to designate the intergovernmental organizations authorized to participate in meetings of the Commission , and the non-governmental organizations authorized to sit as observers .
 In some cases , the records explicitly differentiate statements made by representatives from those made by observers . The practice that observers are given the opportunity to speak after the members of the organ concerned have been given that opportunity is not   followed   in the Commission . Participants are given the floor in the order determined by the presiding officer , which has usually , but not always , been in the order they have requested the floor -LRB- see A/CN.9/638/Add.3 , para .
 This covers nearly all -LRB- parents of -RRB- newborns . In addition they organise preventative/medical and psychosocial consultations for the young child to measure and weigh young children until the age of three at regular intervals -LRB- in principle ten times in total , 7 times during the first year -RRB- and to have their progress   followed   by a nurse and doctor . They also make sure that young children are vaccinated -LRB- see below -RRB- .
 -LRB- a -RRB- Indigenous issues At its forty-eighth session , in 1993 ,   following   a recommendation by the World Conference on Human Rights , the General Assembly proclaimed the International Decade of the World 's Indigenous People -LRB- 1994-2004 -RRB- -LRB- resolution 48/163 -RRB- . The General Assembly considered this question under the item entitled Programme of activities of the International Decade of the World 's Indigenous People at its forty-ninth to fifty-ninth sessions -LRB- resolutions 49/214 , 50/156 , 50/157 , 51/78 , 52/108 , 53/129 , 54/150 , 55/80 , 56/140 , 57/191 to 57/193 , 58/158 and 59/174 -RRB- .
 13.29 The Division of Product and Market Development will maintain its emphasis on assisting the business sector in developing countries and countries with economies in transition to respond competitively to evolving market trends , opportunities and business practices through its four technical programmes , namely : -LRB- a -RRB- Strategic and operational market research , which will   follow   a four-pronged approach of making international trade more transparent , developing and providing decision support tools , preparing in-depth studies on specific trade-related issues and building capacity for strategic and operational market research ; -LRB- b -RRB- Trade information management , which will focus on two interrelated strategic objectives : the strengthening of the information service capacity of trade support institutions , including sector and theme-specific organizations through advisory and training services and the development of national and regional information networks that link sectoral and thematic organizations with more broadly based national trade promotion organizations ;
 Of the total number of 407 , 520 Nicaraguans transported back , deported or refused entry by various countries in the period 1996-2005 , 401 , 254 were so treated by Costa Rica and 5 , 421 by the United States -LRB- cf. annex 1 , art . Of the total number of 8 , 537 aliens so treated , those from Ecuador accounted for the largest proportion -LRB- 1 , 566 -RRB- ,   followed   by Honduras -LRB- 1 , 311 -RRB- -LRB- cf. annex 2 , art . Of the total number of 6 , 055 aliens detained in Nicaragua , Peru accounted for the largest proportion -LRB- 2 , 255 -RRB- , followed by Ecuador -LRB- 1 , 662 -RRB- -LRB- cf. annex 3 , art .
 To support delegations and schools carrying out inclusive education practices , there is a team of teachers known as Educational Orientation Units . The orientation team members have the function of supporting and   following   up the implementation of the inclusive culture , policies and practices followed by each school . They also lend support through strategies and mentoring of teachers to ensure that the educational response provided to students with disabilities is in keeping with their characteristics , needs and interests .
 b -RRB- Withdrawal According to international law , any State is , in principle , entitled to withdraw from a Treaty , by   following   the withdrawal procedure of such Treaty . Document CD/1777 , article VII states that each Party has the right to withdraw from the treaty , if it decides that extraordinary events , related to the matter of the treaty , have jeopardized its supreme interests , by giving notice of such withdrawal in writing to the depositary , no less than three months in advance of the date of withdrawal from the treaty .
 Following the briefing by the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court , Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo , on 5 December 2007. I have the honour to enclose a copy of the Conclusions on the Sudan/Chad which were adopted by the Council of the European Union -LRB- General Affairs and External Relations -RRB- on 10 December 2007 -LRB- see annex -RRB- . These Conclusions state , inter alia , the   following   : In line with Security Council resolution 1593 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- the Council calls on the Government of the Sudan to cooperate unconditionally with the International Criminal Court and to surrender the two individuals for whom the International Criminal Court issued arrest warrants on 27 April 2007 in connection with alleged crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur .
 UNDP and Division stakeholders mention that UNDP is a close partner of the Government and , as such , may not be as objective as the Division . Similarly , the stakeholders perceive the Division as being more concerned with maintaining electoral assistance standards , ensuring the impartiality of the United Nations and   following   credible electoral conduct . All such factors are considered indispensable to the effective delivery of electoral assistance .
 There were 223 -LRB- 7.35 per cent -RRB- active ethnic minority members -LRB- 192 males , 31 females -RRB- : 37 Ashkalis , 4 Romas , 12 Egyptians , 19 Croats , 40 Bosniaks , 14 Muslims , 38 Turks , 1 Goran and 58 Serbs . KPC conducted the   following   courses during the month of October : officer basic course , officer career course , non-commissioned officer instructor 's course , university scholars first and second generation course , English language course and computers course . There was a total of 132 attendees .
 From its first to third sessions , the Forum made 294 recommendations in all . An additional group of recommendations has arisen from the international expert workshops held on specific issues   following   decisions of the Forum . For the period under the review , this includes four workshops : -LRB- a -RRB- on data collection and disaggregation , held in 2004 ; -LRB- b -RRB- on free , prior and informed consent , held in 2005 ; -LRB- c -RRB- on the Millennium Development Goals , indigenous participation and good governance , held in 2006 ; and -LRB- d -RRB- on the Convention on Biological Diversity 's international regime on access and benefit-sharing and indigenous peoples ' rights , held in 2007 .
 -LRB- iii -RRB- Additional , credible and reliable information provided by other relevant stakeholders to the universal periodic review , which should also be taken into consideration by the Council in the review. OHCHR would prepare a summary of such information that should not exceed 10 pages ; -LRB- d -RRB- The documents prepared by OHCHR should be elaborated   following   the structure of the general guidelines adopted by the Council regarding the information prepared by the State concerned ; -LRB- e -RRB- Both the State 's written presentation and the summaries prepared by OHCHR should be ready six weeks prior to the review by the working group to ensure the distribution of documents simultaneously in the six official languages of the United Nations , in accordance with General Assembly resolution 53/208 B of 18 December 1998 ;
 -LRB- d -RRB- To assist in the development of a framework for price statistics which is able to explain the links among various price indexes and between price indexes and other relevant economic and labour statistics . The Intersecretariat Working Group comprises the   following   organizations : IMF , ECE , ILO , OECD , Eurostat and the World Bank . The Group may invite experts to participate in its work .
 To improve women 's and children 's health -LRB- particularly in rural areas -RRB- , not only are State budget funds being allocated , but programmes involving cooperation with international non-governmental organizations are also being implemented . With the assistance of the U.S. agency USAID , in the context of Project NOVA and Project PRIME II , medical personnel in the marzes of Gegarkunik , Tavush , Lori , Gyumri and Kotayk , beginning in 2004 , took advanced courses in the   following   programmes : - Safe Motherhood : 186 midwives and nurses of midwife/doctor 's assistant stations ;
 The Group reiterated that multi-year payment plans were a voluntary mechanism and stressed that the performance of the States concerned should be judged in the light of their difficult situations . Georgia and Niger were to be commended on having paid their arrears in full ; the remaining States should   follow   their example . The Group supported the Committee 's recommendations that Member States should be encouraged to adopt the 1993 SNA and that MER-based conversion rates should be used for the scale of assessments , except where that would result in excessive fluctuations and distortions .
 The African Group took note of the Secretary-General 's report on multi-year payment plans : such plans were indeed voluntary but they offered a means of demonstrating a State 's commitment to meeting its financial obligations to the Organization . It commended the Member States which had submitted plans and made the corresponding payments ; other States in arrears should   follow   their example . The adoption of Security Council resolution 1778 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- authorizing the deployment of a multidimensional presence in Chad and the Central African Republic was welcome , for such a presence might pave the way to political and economic stability .
 General temporary assistance provisions are also included for acquisition activities and procurement related issues , research and developing appropriate contracting models for the ERP software , integration services and other associated contractual arrangements . While these initial start-up costs are proposed to be funded from the regular budget , it is expected that future funding for implementation of the project will   follow   a proposed cost-sharing formula which would reflect the usage distribution throughout the Organization . Taking into account the magnitude of the peacekeeping component within the overall deployment , 80 per cent of the costs would be borne by the peacekeeping support account and 20 per cent by the regular budget .
 Also , currently South-South merchandise trade shows a significant geographical concentration in Asian countries . Similarly , trade in services among the developing countries is highly concentrated in Asia ,   followed   by Latin America . However , with most gains from South-South trade in Latin America and Sub-Saharan Africa attributed to trade with developing countries in Asia , the interest and the potential for gains and the desire to spread and deepen the benefits of that trade point to the importance of multilateral negotiations as a vehicle for realizing the gains from South-South trade .
 Assistance will also be provided in improving the Committee 's cooperation with the administering Powers , maintaining contacts with the representatives of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and developing relations with the organizations and agencies of the United Nations system aimed at achieving further progress in decolonization and bringing a complete end to colonialism . Supportive actions will include closely   following   the developments in the Non-Self-Governing Territories , conducting research and preparing working papers , reports and analytical and briefing materials . In addition , in cooperation with the Department of Public Information , information material , including publications and audio and visual programmes related to decolonization , will be prepared and disseminated to a wide audience , with a view to increasing the awareness of the international community with regard to the decolonization issues as well as in mobilizing international support for the achievement of the complete eradication of colonialism .
 -LRB- d -RRB- Strengthening cooperation within the United Nations system at the regional and subregional levels for the protection and promotion of human rights , including interaction between OHCHR programmes in the field and relevant United Nations human rights mechanisms ; -LRB- e -RRB-   Following   human rights developments to assist the Human Rights Council and other United Nations policymaking bodies , as well as treaty-monitoring bodies , in engaging in a dialogue with countries in the implementation of their respective mandates and ensuring efficient and effective functioning of the country-specific special procedures of the Human Rights Council . Subprogramme 4
 The Committee has commended Croatia for ratifying all relevant instruments in the field , as well as for implementing the provision on training activities related to the Optional Protocol .  Following   the Committee 's recommendations , in 2003 Croatia established the Office of the Ombudsperson for Children in order to enhance the effective protection of children . The Ombudsperson , among other things , promotes the principle of the best interests of the child and advocates for the participation of children in matters of concern to them .
 All those various plans are being implemented , thanks to the efforts of the Government with the support of technical and financial partners and civil society in the areas of health , education , protection , access to drinking water and sanitation , regular follow-ups and evaluation and advocacy for conduct favourable to the rights of the child . Other initiatives taken by the Government and development partners make it possible to   follow   progress towards obtaining the objectives of A world fit for children . That involves , among other things , the use of periodic or one-time surveys , such as the 2006 survey on multiple indicators on health , education , water and sanitation , the standing annual questionnaire on basic indicators of well-being and the 2003 survey on living conditions of households .
 The innovative capacity of enterprises should be strengthened , and it was important that UNCTAD put forward policy suggestions in that area . China encouraged UNCTAD to continue to   follow   the negotiations on trade facilitation at the WTO , analysing them from a development perspective . UNCTAD 's technical cooperation regarding ICTs and e-business had great potential and must continue , although it lacked resources .
 Working Groups At its 2920th , 2928th and 2929th meetings , on 16 and 31 May and on 1 June 2007 , respectively , the Commission also established the   following   Working Groups : -LRB- a -RRB- Working Group on Shared natural resources : Mr. E. Candioti -LRB- Chairman -RRB- , Mr. C. Yamada -LRB- Special Rapporteur -RRB- , Mr. I. Brownlie , Mr. P. Comissrio Afonso , Ms. P. Escarameia , Mr. G. Gaja , Mr. Z. Galicki , Mr. H.A. Hassouna , Mr. M.D. Hmoud , Ms. M.G. Jacobsson , Mr. D.M. McRae , Mr. G. Nolte , Mr. A.R. Perera , Mr. G.V. Saboia , Mr. N. Singh , Mr. M. Vzquez-Bermdez , Mr. N. Wisnumurti , Ms. H. Xue and Mr. E. Petri -LRB- ex officio -RRB- .
 The review demonstrates a concerted effort to address the wide range of human rights problems facing indigenous peoples . At the sixth session of the Permanent Forum ,   following   a request of the Forum , Victoria Tauli-Corpuz presented the report of the Forum entitled Implementation of the human rights mandate of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues . The report provided a historic perspective on the engagement of indigenous peoples with the United Nations system , an overview of the human rights mandate of the Forum and how it has discharged it until now , and the challenges and future prospects of its work on human rights .
 Article 42 of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples specifically mentions the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues , stating : The United Nations , its bodies , including the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues , and specialized agencies , including at the country level , and States , shall promote respect for and full application of the provisions of this Declaration and   follow   up the effectiveness of this Declaration . This important responsibility constitutes a new function for the Forum under its overall human rights mandate , under resolution 2000/22 of the Economic and Social Council , by which the Forum was established .
 -LRB- h -RRB- A review of the status of the Council itself to be undertaken by the General Assembly within five years . The Forum has   followed   the establishment of the Human Rights Council and its institution-building discussion with great interest and looks forward to developing close collaboration in order to further the implementation of the human rights of indigenous peoples . This was one reason why the Forum decided at its sixth session to undertake the present study .
 Composition and placement within the United Nations system The expert body on the rights of indigenous peoples would consist of four members , i.e. , the representative of the Human Rights Council Advisory Committee , the Chair of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues , the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights and fundamental freedoms of indigenous people , and an indigenous expert to be nominated   following   the same model as that of the special procedures . The expert body should be placed directly under the Human Rights Council .
 One hundred and twenty-three countries responded to those requests. They played a key role in the Global Forum process . Belgium   followed   a working method based on close collaboration with these country focal points and active engagement of those willing to work in teams . These teams were managed and coordinated by the task force and set up to represent cross-sectoral expertise and the views of all on the migration spectrum in a balanced way across developing and developed countries .
 The work involved monitoring compliance with deadlines and checking that procedures had been adjusted to comply with the competition law . In addition , in order to   follow   up sensitive markets , a tool known as the market observatory had been developed ; it was based on market studies and research carried out under the COMPAL programme . In the field of capacity-building and access to information , INDECOPI had organized training programmes on competition , consumer protection , free competition and intellectual property issues .
 Recommendation of the First Committee The First Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft resolution : The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East
 Certain instruments provide for an escalating procedure for dispute settlement which includes three successive stages. For example , under the Tampere Convention , attempts are first made to resolve disputes through consultation between the disputing parties . If this fails after six months of attempts , the States Parties to the dispute may request any other State Party , State , non-State entity or intergovernmental organization to use its good offices to facilitate settlement of the dispute. If this fails after six months of attempts , then either party may request that the dispute be submitted either to binding arbitration or to the International Court of Justice. Additional conventions   follow   a similar model . Still others provide for an escalating arrangement of negotiation , mediation , and arbitration , or negotiation through the diplomatic channel followed by arbitration .
 Recommendation of the Third Committee The Third Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft decision : Programme of work of the Third Committee for the sixty-third session of the General Assembly
 A decreasing trend in runoff has been observed over the past 40 years in six major rivers , namely the Haihe , Huaihe , Yellow , Songhuajiang , Yangtze , and Pearl Rivers. Meanwhile , there is evidence of an increase in frequency of extreme hydrological events , such as droughts in the north and floods in the south . The Haihe-Luanhe River basin is the region most vulnerable to climate change ,   followed   by the Huaihe and Yellow River basins. The arid continental river basins are particularly vulnerable to climate change . In the future , climate change will have a significant impact on water resources throughout China : in the next 50 to 100 years , the mean annual run-off is likely to decrease noticeably in some arid northern areas , such as the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region and Gansu Province , while it seems to be increasing markedly in a few already water-abundant southern provinces , such as Hubei and Hunan , indicating an increased incidence of flood and drought events as a result of climate change .
 The seller appealed the decision claiming that due to the late communication , there should be no recovery at all , either under article 74 or article 75 CISG . The court   followed   the seller 's reasoning and noted that a substitute purchase necessitated prior notification of avoidance according to article 26 CISG . The court held that article 74 CISG referred to other damages for breach of contract , in particular compensation of the injured party .
 More than 50 per cent of decentralized evaluations focused on MYFF goals 1 and 2 , achieving the MDGs and reducing human poverty and fostering democratic governance , which represent the two largest resource allocations -LRB- see figure 1 -RRB- . In the case of outcome evaluations , goal 1 had the highest proportion ,   followed   by goal 4 `crisis prevention and recovery ' -LRB- see figure 2 -RRB- . In both cases , goal 5 , responding to HIV/AIDS had the lowest proportion .
 In accordance with rule 19 of the rules of procedure , the bureau of the Commission shall consist of seven members : four members from lists A and C combined , two from list B and one from list D , referred to in the annex to General Assembly resolution 1995 -LRB- XIX -RRB- as amended . Accordingly ,   following   the cycle of rotation established after UNCTAD IX , the bureau for the twelfth session of the Commission will be as follows : Chair from list D ; Rapporteur from an Asian country in list A ; three vice-chairs from lists A and C combined ; and two vice-chairs from list B . Item 2. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
 Webcasting -LRB- Internet broadcasting -RRB- United Nations Internet broadcasting -LRB- United Nations Webcast -RRB- provides the platform and opportunity to a global audience to view , directly from the source , proceedings of United Nations meetings and events of , for example , the Security Council , the General Assembly , the Economic and Social Council and the Human Rights Council , as well as United Nations conferences , and to   follow   debates , discussions and decisions on various issues that may affect people worldwide . It brings awareness and a better understanding of the work of the United Nations as well as the position of Member States on various issues , through live and on-demand video images over the Internet directly to the general public .
 The review was undertaken both in the Committee on Rules and Judicial Practice and in the plenary . In considering such legal and judicial matters , the Tribunal   followed   closely the developments of the rules of procedure of the International Court of Justice and other international courts and tribunals . Some of the main issues that were considered are addressed below .
 For North Africa the 2006 NAPs from Algeria , Morocco and Tunisia , give a different profile -LRB- figure 4 -RRB- . There is a heavy emphasis on participation and research ,   followed   by information and capacity-building and then land degradation and poverty . In the country NAPs from Argentina , Chile and Cuba -LRB- figure 5 -RRB- there is the same heavy emphasis on participation and on research -LRB- except for research in Chile -RRB- .
 The Commission requested the Secretariat to prepare a more detailed study , for consideration by the Commission at its thirty-ninth session , in 2006 , which should include proposals as to the form and nature of a comprehensive reference document , which the Commission might in the future consider preparing with a view to assisting legislators and policymakers around the world . At its thirty-ninth session , the Commission had before it a note prepared by the Secretariat   following   that request -LRB- A/CN.9/604 -RRB- . The note identified the following areas as possible components of a comprehensive reference document : -LRB- a -RRB- authentication and cross-border recognition of electronic signatures ; -LRB- b -RRB- liability and standards of conduct for information-services providers ; -LRB- c -RRB- electronic invoicing and legal issues related to supply chains in electronic commerce ; -LRB- d -RRB- transfer of rights in tangible goods and other rights through electronic communications ; -LRB- e -RRB- unfair competition and deceptive trade practices in electronic commerce ; and -LRB- f -RRB- privacy and data protection in electronic commerce .
 Efforts could focus on ensuring that libraries and educational institutions offer a wide range of relevant materials , from national communications and the IPCC Third Assessment Report to videos and brochures . Key target audiences include policymakers in government ministries and in parliament ,   followed   by the general public , and young people in particular . Policymakers are a priority because officials responsible for national climate change programmes often find that their colleagues in other ministries are not fully engaged .
 Overview of planned resource allocation emphasis under the fourth replenishment Replenishments of the GEF depend on voluntary contributions from donors . Donors to the GEF Trust Fund contributions   follow   a predefined basic burden sharing framework . The proposed programming for GEF 4 -LRB- 2006-2010 -RRB- climate change activities targets USD 990 million in allocations .
 Activities by the EGTT in the area of support to technology needs assessments -LRB- TNAs -RRB- have resulted in a number of outputs relevant to experiences and lessons learned in adaptation planning and practices . -LRB- a -RRB- The most frequently identified categories of barriers by Parties were economic and market barriers such as subsidies and tariffs ,   followed   by information and awareness barriers such as lack of information on how well the technologies perform and the means to acquire technologies . Other barriers include policy-related barriers and barriers relating to human capacity ;
 As part of its stocktaking activities , the LEG examined 21 completed NAPAs that had been submitted officially by 31 July 2007 . In terms of proposed adaptation measures , the majority so far are in the area of agriculture , forestry and fisheries ,   followed   by water resources and disaster risk reduction activities related to extreme events . Adaptation measures in the agriculture , forestry and fisheries sector include developing resistant crop and livestock varieties , promoting diversification of activities for rural communities and advancing food security and afforestation projects .
 Summary*** The main report covers the   following   topics : Languages
 Submission of credentials prior to the meeting would greatly facilitate the advance clearing process by the Secretariat . At the second meeting of the Conference of the Parties , the Bureau urged all Parties to   follow   the correct procedures for submission of credentials in the future . It recommended that the newly elected Bureau should consider a different approach to examination of credentials based on the procedures followed by the governing bodies of other multilateral environmental agreements , pursuant to which Parties who failed to submit proper credentials were permitted to participate as observers only .
 DCs increased their share in world merchandise exports from 35.9 to 36.8 per cent and in world services exports from 23.8 to 24.5 per cent respectively . Growth in total exports was the highest in Latin America and the Caribbean -LRB- 19 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by Asia -LRB- 17 per cent -RRB- and Africa -LRB- 11 per cent -RRB- . Least developed countries ' -LRB- LDCs ' -RRB- share of world merchandise trade increased from 0.79 to 0.83 per cent , while their share of world services trade remained unchanged at 0.46 per cent .
 The report on the meeting is available on the Internet in French -LRB- http : //www.mandint.org/doc/8decfr.pdf -RRB- , English -LRB- http : //www.mandint.org/doc/8decen.pdf -RRB- and Spanish -LRB- http : //www.mandint.org/doc/8deces.pdf -RRB- . - Mandat International regularly   follows   the work of the United Nations Working Group on Indigenous Populations . During the twenty-first session of the Working Group , held in Geneva from 21 to 25 July , Mandat International organized a panel on Fair Trade and Indigenous Populations .
 In Liberia , women played an essential role in the peace process , bringing people together across factional lines . I recently created a fund for women 's rights and empowerment , and I hope other donors will   follow   this example , so that we can really pool our efforts . Thirdly , I would like to call for the speedy conclusion of ongoing consultations on the new gender entity of the United Nations  it is taking a long time  and to stress that this entity will have to make violence against women an urgent issue .
 The resolution requires the Secretary-General to report to the Council on the parties ' performance in complying with all the requirements of this comprehensive resolution . If compliance fails , consequences will   follow   . As my Prime Minister and the French President made clear , we will judge all the parties on actions , not on words .
 To address that situation , the Working Group might wish to consider whether paragraph -LRB- 1 -RRB- should be restructured in two parts : subparagraph -LRB- a -RRB- deals with the failure of the claimant to submit its statement of claim ; subparagraph -LRB- b -RRB- addresses the situation where the respondent has failed to communicate its statement of defence , and applies equally to the situation where the claimant has failed to communicate a statement of defence in response to a counter-claim . That proposal   follows   the structure of article 25 of the Model Law -LRB- A/CN.9/641 , para . The Working Group agreed to add the words without treating such failure in itself as an admission of the claimant 's allegations , so as to reflect the language contained in article 25 -LRB- b -RRB- of the Model Law -LRB- A/CN.9/641 , para .
 Detention centres throughout the country were regularly visited by human rights monitors , who observed that registers were not properly maintained . They documented cases of arbitrary detention and of failure to   follow   proper procedures . In addition , they found that hygiene conditions were substandard .
 -LRB- c -RRB- Define and implement the new strengthened structures and new processes for planning and budgeting , including support to Joint Strategic Planning preparation and new systems ; -LRB- d -RRB- Review and monitor cash remittance forecasts from National Committees ; closely monitor and   follow   up all receivables , leading to timely collection of all dues to UNICEF ; -LRB- e -RRB- Enhance financial procedures , monitoring mechanisms and guidelines to support fund-raising strategies and activities in UNICEF country offices ;
 -LRB- b -RRB- Assist the Conference of the States Parties in encouraging cooperation among relevant existing bilateral and multilateral initiatives and to contribute to the implementation of the related provisions of the Convention under the guidance of the Conference ; -LRB- c -RRB- Facilitate exchange of information among States by identifying and disseminating among States good practices to be   followed   to strengthen , both at the national level and in the framework of mutual legal assistance in criminal matters , efforts to prevent and combat corruption and facilitate the return of the proceeds of corruption ; -LRB- d -RRB- Build confidence and encourage cooperation between requesting and requested States by bringing together relevant competent authorities and anti-corruption bodies and practitioners involved in asset recovery and the fight against corruption and by serving as a forum for them ;
 The Community also participated in the 2002 World Assembly on Ageing , 2002 World Summit on Sustainable Development , 2003 Geneva and 2005 Tunis phase of the World Summit on the Information Society , 2004 Global Forum on Internet Governance , 2005 World Summit , and 2005 International Criminal Court Assembly of States Parties , among others . Leading up to the General Assembly 's World Summit , the Bah' International Community closely   followed   negotiations and recommendations concerning United Nations reform , making submissions to the Commissions and United Nations offices as appropriate . BIC representatives were chosen by United Nations organizers from among many NGOs to participate in two pioneer events leading up to the World Summit : the United Nations Conference on Interfaith Cooperation and Peace and the General Assembly 's interactive hearings .
 Introduction The Committee commends the State party for ratifying the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women without reservations. It expresses its appreciation to the State party for its combined initial , second , and third periodic report , which   followed   the Committee 's guidelines for the preparation of reports , but which was long overdue and did not provide enough statistical data disaggregated by sex . The Committee expresses its appreciation to the State party for the oral presentation , the written replies to the list of issues and questions raised by its pre-session working group , and the further clarifications to the questions orally posed by the Committee .
 The Secretary-General will continue to pursue the reform programme as presented to Member States and remains committed to flexibility with regard to the demands of the commercial environment . The Secretary-General intends to provide the General Assembly with updates on procurement reform activities every 24 months ,   following   the practice adopted since the forty-ninth session of Assembly , focusing on strategic management issues . Annex
 The Secretary-General has the honour to transmit to the Economic and Social Council the report prepared in accordance with Council resolution 2005/34 by the Executive Secretaries of the Economic Commission for Europe and the Economic Commission for Africa on the activities carried out within the framework of the project for a Europe-Africa fixed link through the Strait of Gibraltar -LRB- see annex -RRB- . The Council has been interested in this project since 1982 , following the decision taken by the Governments of Morocco and Spain within the framework of a bilateral agreement on cooperation adopted on 24 October 1980 for the joint study of the feasibility of the project. Since that time , the Council has regularly requested the two regional commissions to   follow   the development of the project studies and keep it informed in that regard . Annex
 Construction markets are expected to be the second fastest growing market for flame retardants globally . An exception is China , where the second fastest growth will be from motor vehicles   followed   by textiles , both rapidly growing industries in that country . Plastics will continue to replace other materials such as metals and glass in a wide range of products in order to lower cost and weight and to improve design and production flexibility .
 The Committee welcomes a number of positive developments in the reporting period , inter alia : The Committee also welcomes the ratification of the   following   international human rights instruments : C. Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Convention
 The share of public investment in GDP in these countries has been relatively constant . Private investment was badly hit in crisis-affected Indonesia , where the share in GDP fell by nearly half ,   followed   by Thailand and Malaysia . Further financial reforms are needed to promote private investment in East Asian economies .
 This includes application of further trade and assistance restrictions , where appropriate , and working with other States to prevent trade prohibited by the resolution .  Following   the structure of Security Council resolution 1747 , listed below are United States actions to date to implement the resolution : The United States Department of State 's targeted visa review process under the Immigration and Nationality Act focuses on individuals reasonably believed to be seeking entry into the United States to engage in an activity to violate or evade United States export control laws .
 - Act 483/2001 , on bank policy , which stipulates to all banks the duty to notify the list of clients under international sanctions . At the same time , all financial institutions participating in the Slovak financial market are obligated to   follow   all Council Regulations and directly freeze all accounts and other financial assets of persons and entities mentioned in the annexes to the resolution . Preparatory Committee
 The Review Conference decides to apply the following criteria and practices for participation by non-governmental organizations in its work : Other interested indigenous peoples ' representatives can also be accredited ,   following   standard procedures established under Council resolution 1996/31 . Upon the invitation of the presiding officer of the body concerned and subject to the approval of that body , such observers may make oral statements on questions in which they have special competence .
 The Commission now needs to advance to the operational stage and guide the implementation of the Strategic Framework . This means supporting necessary actions and projects ,   following   progress and ensuring that the timelines are met , together with making use of locally established mechanisms . We hope that similar work can rapidly be made on Sierra Leone .
 Recommendation of the First Committee The First Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft resolution : Convention on the Prohibition of the Development , Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological -LRB- Biological -RRB- and Toxin Weapons and on Their Destruction
 Based on the geographical and regional interrelationship between the regional organizations and the United Nations , I stress the effective role that the League of Arab States is playing in the maintenance of regional peace and security in coordination with the African Union and the United Nations . We are doing so in the context of the peace negotiations in the Sudan ,   following   up on and addressing the current situation in Darfur , and of efforts to establish peace and stability in Somalia and the Horn of Africa . The Security Council is faced with unprecedented challenges in maintaining international peace and security .
 The Permanent Forum welcomes the invitation from the Government of the Russian Federation , the Governor of Yamal-Nenets Autonomous Region , the civil chamber of the Russian Federation and the Russian Association of Indigenous Peoples of the North , Siberia and the Far East -LRB- RAIPON -RRB- to hold an international meeting in the city of Salekhard , from 1 to 4 July 2007 , dedicated to study experiences of interaction between indigenous peoples and private sector , and expresses its appreciation for this invitation . The Forum also calls upon other countries to   follow   the example of the Russian Federation . The Permanent Forum calls upon those States that have created special national committees on the Second International Decade of the World 's Indigenous People to coordinate their activities with the Forum , with emphasis on cooperation at the international level as well as on inviting Forum members to the meetings of the special committees .
 The Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights will prepare a summary of such information which shall not exceed 10 pages . The documents prepared by the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights should be elaborated   following   the structure of the general guidelines adopted by the Council regarding the information prepared by the State concerned . Both the State 's written presentation and the summaries prepared by the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights shall be ready six weeks prior to the review by the working group to ensure the distribution of documents simultaneously in the six official languages of the United Nations , in accordance with General Assembly resolution 53/208 of 14 January 1999 .
 One of the Vice-Presidents shall serve as Rapporteur . -LRB- b -RRB- In the election of the President of the Council , regard shall be had for the equitable geographical rotation of this office among the   following   Regional Groups : African States , Asian States , Eastern European States , Latin American and Caribbean States , and Western European and other States . The four Vice-Presidents of the Council shall be elected on the basis of equitable geographical distribution from the Regional Groups other than the one to which the President belongs .
 A new global manager should be appointed succeeding Fredrick A.Vogel , who will retire . It is recommended that the selection of a new manager should   follow   the principles of international competition as adopted in 2002 . The current manager was appointed through a competitive process managed by a subcommittee of the FOC and the DECDG of the World Bank .
 One speaker , referring to the closure of nine information centres in Western Europe and the creation of the Regional Information Centre in Brussels , remarked that a number of countries often spoke of the Department 's regionalization strategy , which had brought about the reorganization of the network of United Nations information centres . The same group of countries often talked of the Regional Centre in Brussels as a good model to   follow   , and encouraged others to adopt that model . He argued that the subsequent flow of resources and the assignment of new responsibilities to various regional hubs did not constitute steps towards regionalization .
 A number of speakers commented on the Department 's information programme on the question of Palestine . One speaker congratulated the Department for its activities in that regard and encouraged it to continue to actively   follow   the situation , to offer its cooperation and support to Palestinian civil society organizations and to marshal even more solidarity and support from the international community for the Palestinian people , with the overall goal of promoting the exercise of their inalienable rights and for the peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine . Another speaker noted that the United Nations visitors ' tours did not sufficiently address the question of Palestine and hoped that the Department would take into consideration the question of Palestine as a bigger part of the tours .
 The Philippines fully supports the decision and recommendation of the General Committee that item 165 of the draft agenda , on the issue concerning Taiwan , not be included in the agenda of the sixty-second session , first , because the Philippines is committed to the one-China policy and , secondly , because we fully respect and uphold resolution 2758 -LRB- XXVI -RRB- , which has already addressed the issue . Mr. Kaludjerovi -LRB- Montenegro -RRB- :   Following   your advice , Mr. President , I wish to be brief in stating that my delegation fully supports the decision of the General Committee in connection with item 165 of the draft agenda , namely , not to recommend the inclusion of that item in the agenda of the sixty-second session of the General Assembly . I would like to recall  as many other delegations have done today  resolution 2758 -LRB- XXVI -RRB- , which clearly serves as a legal basis and a political principle guiding us in dealing with this question .
 The issue of dead people on the List continues to raise questions about its credibility . The Committee has   followed   an earlier recommendation of the Team to note on the List when an individual is believed to be dead , and there are currently 11 such entries ; but the Team is aware of several other cases where it seems that a listed individual is dead . In its first report , the Team recommended that the Committee adopt a mechanism to permit the removal of such names -LRB- S/2004/679 , para. 61 -RRB- , and , in April 2006 , the Committee sent a note verbale to all States outlining new procedures in this regard .
 At its 1st meeting , on 3 December , the SBSTA considered a note by the Executive Secretary containing the provisional agenda and annotations -LRB- FCCC/SBSTA/2007/5 -RRB- . At the same meeting , the agenda was adopted as   follows   : Opening of the session .
 The Commission may wish to consider the structure , level of detail , nature of discussion and type of advice provided in the sample chapter and consider whether it would be desirable and useful for the Secretariat to prepare other chapters following the same model , to deal with other issues that the Commission may wish to select from among those proposed earlier -LRB- see para. 2 above -RRB- . Alternatively , the Commission may wish to request that the Secretariat continue to   follow   closely legal developments in the relevant areas , with a view to making appropriate suggestions in due course . In that case , the Commission may wish to consider whether the Secretariat should be requested to publish the sample chapter , with whatever amendments the Commission may consider appropriate , as a stand-alone publication .
 The observer for Israel and the observer for Palestine made statements , as concerned countries or parties , on the reports . During the ensuing interactive dialogue , also at the same meeting , the   following   made statements and put questions to Mr. Dugard : -LRB- a -RRB- Representatives of States members of the Council : Algeria , Bahrain , Bangladesh , Brazil , Canada , Cuba , Ecuador , Finland -LRB- on behalf of the European Union and acceding countries - Bulgaria and Romania -RRB- , India , Indonesia , Japan , Malaysia , Mali , Morocco , Pakistan -LRB- on behalf of the Organization of the Islamic Conference -RRB- , Saudi Arabia , Senegal and Tunisia ;
 The focus of the subprogramme has been realigned to respond to the outcome of the Hyogo Framework and to provide effective support for the Strategy . 26.44 The subprogramme will   follow   a twofold strategy to achieve its objective in line with the focus of activities of the two participating organizations , namely , the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction secretariat and UNDP . The secretariat of the Strategy will continue to act as a facilitating body and an honest broker with respect to policy coordination , advocacy , provision of information , regional outreach and resource mobilization .
 Computer-related services The Information Technology Services Division -LRB- ITSD -RRB- provides the   following   computer-related services to delegations : Internet service  ITSD provides Internet dial-up accounts for Permanent Missions .
 The Senior Political Affairs Officer -LRB- P-5 -RRB- would maintain leadership of the Section and would continue to supervise the preparation of analytical reports and assessments related to political , security and socio-economic developments in the subregion . The current Political Affairs Officer -LRB- P-3 -RRB- , who now covers the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Burundi and Rwanda , three countries emerging from conflict , would be able to   follow   only the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the regional dimension of the conflict , with a view to ensuring the long-term political engagement of the United Nations . The current Associate Political Affairs Officer -LRB- P-2 -RRB- would support the substantive work of the Section , providing briefing material , research and analysis on special projects , as determined by the Senior Officer .
 ECOWAS and its member States should assess , in collaboration with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime and other international partners , the status of crime in the region and should actively participate in the United Nations Survey of Crime Trends , Operations of Criminal Justice Systems and Crime Prevention Strategies in pursuance of Economic and Social Council resolution 1984/48 . ECOWAS and its member States should assess the impact of crime on the victims through the implementation of crime victimization surveys ,   following   international standards and guidelines . With the technical support of the United Nations and other international partners , Governments in West Africa should be assisted in their efforts to strengthen their capacity to enforce law and order .
 However , the current and projected levels of ODA for the period 2006-2010 still fall short of targets . There is need for concrete mechanisms to   follow   up on commitments made by development partners with the possibility of holding them accountable for the shortfalls in commitments to increase aid to developing countries . Developing countries should not be made to base their development plans on false expectations .
 Moreover , those areas were identified as priorities for many United Nations entities in the Action Plan for 2005-2007 . The goals of the updated Action Plan in the five thematic areas are as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- Prevention : mainstream a gender perspective into all conflict prevention activities and strategies , develop effective gender-sensitive early warning mechanisms and institutions , and strengthen efforts to prevent violence against women , including various forms of gender-based violence ;
 The Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights will prepare a summary of such information which shall not exceed 10 pages . The documents prepared by the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights should be elaborated   following   the structure of the general guidelines adopted by the Council regarding the information prepared by the State concerned . Both the State 's written presentation and the summaries prepared by the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights shall be ready six weeks prior to the review by the working group to ensure the distribution of documents simultaneously in the six official languages of the United Nations , in accordance with General Assembly resolution 53/208 of 14 January 1999 .
 Following the Tribunal 's request of 9 July 2001 , the Security Council amended the Statute of the Tribunal by creating a pool of eighteen ad litem Judges . The purpose of this reform , which   followed   a similar Security Council resolution for the International Criminal Tribunal for Former Yugoslavia -LRB- ICTY -RRB- in 2000 , was to enhance the judicial capacity of the Tribunal . The arrival of those ad litem Judges greatly contributed to speeding up the work of the Tribunal as well as increasing its achievements .
 2. Decides also , for the transitional arrangements , to approve alternative 1 in the report of the Secretary-General , whereby only the appointment of the Auditor-General of South Africa will be extended until 30 June 2006 and members elected under the current procedure shall be eligible for re-election. Accordingly , the present membership of the Board of Auditors is the   following   : The First President of the Court of Accounts of France**
 A further cross-cutting issue , enhanced coordination and collaboration in efforts undertaken by United Nations entities and other partners , had become the focus of several important initiatives . With regard to coordination between United Nations peacekeeping missions and United Nations country teams , his delegation advocated   following   the example of the proposed budget for the United Nations Integrated Mission in Timor-Leste for the period from 25 August 2006 to 30 June 2007 -LRB- A/61/759 -RRB- , which , in response to the request made by the General Assembly in its resolution 61/249 , had included detailed information on the funding provisions and activities of some 13 United Nations agencies , funds and programmes . The United States delegation looked forward to the further strengthening of regional cooperation initiatives in such matters as aviation safety , medical services and logistics .
 Qatar neither promulgates any laws or regulations that have effects extending beyond its geographic borders or affect the sovereignty of other States , the legitimate interests of entities or persons within its territorial boundaries or the freedom of international trade and navigation , nor has it adopted any other measures contradictory to General Assembly resolution 61/11 . Moreover , Qatar   follows   a policy of strict compliance with the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the Untied Nations , in particular the principles of sovereign equality of States and non-interference in their internal affairs , and its Government rejects the use of economic measures as a means of achieving political goals . In its relations with other countries it abides by the fundamental principles of the Charter of the United Nations and the rules of international law .
 Article 14 Title and paragraph 1 :   following   a proposal by several delegations , I have deleted reference to special before the word fund . Instead , I propose to refer to trust fund .
 As a result the women members at the Parliament supported the following two provisions such as parties will provide equal opportunity not to discriminate by gender to represent at the parties ' decision making level and nominate to participate in the elections , choosing its cadres without discrimination , to be incorporated in the law .  Following   these provisions parties , for instance those who have seats in the parliament took some steps to increase women participation in their activities including reflecting this issue in their parties ' rules and policy documents . The amended law on Parliamentary Elections adopted in 2006 states that no less than 30 percent of candidates nominated by party and coalition to elections will be women .
 In that context , the Committee re-emphasized the overriding importance of an enabling political , social , economic and sustainable natural resources environment conducive to economic growth and poverty reduction . The Committee stressed that the success in improving food security is contingent upon improved economic conditions in general and agricultural growth in particular , and agreed that to be successful the fight against hunger needs to   follow   a broad-based approach , involving all stakeholders . In this connection , the Committee stressed the importance of a holistic approach in implementing the seven commitments in the World Food Summit Plan of Action .
 4 , 42 and 44 , para. 6 , of the Convention -RRB- Under this cluster , States parties are requested to   follow   the provisions in paragraphs 5 and 6 above , general comment No. 2 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- on the role of independent national human rights institutions and general comment No. 5 -LRB- 2003 -RRB- on general measures of implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child . States parties that have entered reservations to the Convention should indicate whether they consider it necessary to maintain them .
 -LRB- arts. 2 , 3 , 6 and 12 -RRB- Under this cluster , States parties are requested to   follow   the provisions in paragraphs 5 and 6 , above . -LRB- a -RRB- Non-discrimination -LRB- art. 2 -RRB- ;
 -LRB- arts. 7 , 8 , 13-17 and 37 -LRB- a -RRB- -RRB- Under this cluster , States parties are requested to   follow   the provisions in paragraphs 5 and 6 , above . -LRB- g -RRB- Access to appropriate information -LRB- art. 17 -RRB- ;
 -LRB- arts. 5 , 9-11 , 18 , paras. 1 and 2 ; 19-21 , 25 , 27 , para. 4 and 39 -RRB- Under this cluster , States parties are requested to   follow   the provisions in paragraphs 5 and 6 , above . States parties should provide relevant information , including the principal legislative , judicial , administrative or other measures in force , particularly on how the principles of the best interests of the child -LRB- art. 3 -RRB- and respect for the views of the child -LRB- art. 12 -RRB- are reflected in addressing the questions of :
 -LRB- arts. 22 , 30 , 32-36 , 37 -LRB- b -RRB- - -LRB- d -RRB- , 38 , 39 and 40 -RRB- Under this cluster , States parties are requested to   follow   the provisions in paragraphs 5 and 6 above , and general comment No. 6 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- on the treatment of unaccompanied and separated children outside their country of origin . States parties are requested to provide relevant information on measures taken to protect :
 -LRB- ii -RRB- Sub-Saharan Africa ; -LRB- b -RRB- The region of the Americas , comprising the   following   subregions : -LRB- i -RRB- Latin America and the Caribbean ;
 Closure of the meeting .  Following   a proposal from one member , the Committee agreed to consider under item 11 , Other matters , the implementation by Parties of decision XVII/12 on minimizing production of chlorofluorocarbons -LRB- CFCs -RRB- by Parties not operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5 of the Montreal Protocol to meet the basic domestic needs of Parties operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5 and decision XVII/16 on preventing illegal trade in controlled ozone-depleting substances . Due however to insufficient time , the Committee was unable to address the issues at the current meeting and therefore agreed to defer their consideration until its next meeting .
 Overview of national and regional priorities in education , training and public awareness Prior to the workshop , the secretariat distributed to the participants a questionnaire to assess national priorities in climate change education , training and awareness , and to reveal opportunities and constraints in promoting climate change outreach in the various SIDS regions. The major findings of this survey included the following : Public participation , training and education are ranked as the top priorities among Article 6 elements ,   followed   by public awareness and international cooperation . The general public are considered the key target audience to work with ; policymakers in ministries and members of parliament are also important because of their crucial role in developing national climate change policies .
 The presentation by the representative of the office for Oceania of the World Conservation Union drew attention to the legal and institutional aspects of the implementation of Article 6 of the Convention . The presenter stressed that the implementation of climate change adaptation should   follow   an open , transparent and highly participatory process that engages the community . He pointed out that , as a democratic practice , public participation is inherently valuable : it improves the quality of decision-making ; increases public ownership of outcomes ; provides an opportunity for two-way communication ; increases accountability ; and builds partnerships for long-term action on climate change .
 Calls upon the international community to increase its efforts to fully implement the commitments of the Hyogo Declaration and the Hyogo Framework for Action ; Invites Member States , the United Nations system , international financial institutions , regional bodies and other international organizations , including the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies , as well as civil society , including non-governmental organizations and volunteers , the private sector and the scientific community , to increase efforts to support , implement and   follow   up the Hyogo Framework for Action ; Calls upon the United Nations system , and invites international financial institutions and regional and international organizations , to integrate the goals of and take into full account the Hyogo Framework for Action in their strategies and programmes , making use of existing coordination mechanisms , and to assist developing countries with those mechanisms to design and implement , as appropriate , disaster risk-reduction measures with a sense of urgency ;
 Reported implementation of the Action Plan , 1998-2000 , 2002-2004 and 2004-2006 For the latest reporting period , the regional analysis of the responses received suggests that the highest levels of implementation were found in Oceania and North America -LRB- both 87 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by East and South-East Asia -LRB- 78 per cent -RRB- , Central and Western Europe -LRB- 63 per cent -RRB- and Eastern and South-Eastern Europe -LRB- 56 per cent -RRB- . The implementation of the Action Plan was thus strongly correlated with regions suffering from high levels of manufacture of , trafficking in or abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants .
 Overall , 59 per cent of the countries reported that they had taken measures in line with the Action Plan in those areas . The highest implementation rates were reported from North America -LRB- 90 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by East and South-East Asia -LRB- 76 per cent -RRB- and Central and Western Europe , while the lowest implementation rates were found among the countries in sub-Saharan Africa -LRB- 35 per cent -RRB- -LRB- see figure V -RRB- . Figure V
 In geographic terms , the programme covered more than one locality in all departments . The highest rate of female participation was in the 30 to 39 years age group ,   followed   by the 40 to 49 years bracket -LRB- the majority of whom are employed -RRB- . Female heads of household account for less than 20 % .
 These studies have revealed weaknesses in both the implementation and the nature of the Act : delays in the application of rules and penalties ; a shortage of psychotherapeutic services ; weaknesses in the establishment of penalties for repeat offenders ; lack of clarity on the use of conciliation in operational entities ; the need to specify that domestic violence is not subject to conciliation ; and weaknesses in the application of penalties for financial and economic abuse . It has also been found that , while there are specific community penalties defined in accordance with customary practices , there are no explicit mechanisms for   following   up on their enforcement . The most important element of these studies is the formulation of recommendations for amending the Act 's nature , scope and coverage ; making changes in the alternative measures and complementary measures ; establishing special courts to hear cases of this type ; strengthening the Family Protection Units and the municipal integral legal services ; and designing regulations better suited to the rural environment and the situation of indigenous women .
 The guidelines are intended to provide standards and to ensure consistency in practices across Canada , and to serve as a model for those naming authorities wishing to establish their own guidelines . The guidelines include an introduction , providing background on the reasons for creating the document , and set out both guiding principles and the procedures to be   followed   in commemorative naming . An appendix to the guidelines gives contact information for the naming authorities in the provinces and territories of Canada that are responsible for making naming decisions .
 Land-use is usually managed through the planning and development programmes of the agricultural sector . For the agriculture sector , reports from EU member States and candidate countries illustrate national-level activities that each country has to carry out in   following   the European requirements -LRB- European Directives such as European Water Framework Directive , and the new European Community Agriculture Policy -LRB- CAP -RRB- -RRB- to enhance the sustainable use of soil and water resources . The need to integrate the management of water resources with sustainable soil management is fully recognized , but many countries assert that this integration should be enhanced .
 The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 5768th meeting , held on 24 October 2007 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations . The President stated that ,   following   consultations of the Council , he had been authorized to make a statement on behalf of the Council and read out the text of that statement -LRB- for the text , see S/PRST/2007/41 ; to be issued in Official Records of the Security Council , Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council , 1 August 2007-31 July 2008 -RRB- . Meeting of the Security Council with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara pursuant to resolution 1353 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , annex II , sections A and B -LRB- see S/2001/15/Add.47 ; S/2002/30/Add.8 , 16 and 29 ; S/2003/40/Add.3 , 21 and 42 ; S/2004/20/Add.3 , 17 and 43 ; S/2005/15/Add.15 and 42 ; S/2006/10/Add.16 and 42 ; and S/2007/10/Add.15 -RRB-
 The Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights will prepare a summary of such information which shall not exceed 10 pages . The documents prepared by the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights should be elaborated   following   the structure of the general guidelines adopted by the Council regarding the information prepared by the State concerned . Both the State 's written presentation and the summaries prepared by the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights shall be ready six weeks prior to the review by the working group to ensure the distribution of documents simultaneously in the six official languages of the United Nations , in accordance with General Assembly resolution 53/208 of 14 January 1999 .
 Attempts from whatever group or faction to impose their will and dark ideas by force and armed revolt will not derail our democracy . It would be wrong for anyone to think that our people , which has for decades sacrificed martyrs , prisoners and the wounded in order to obtain freedom , independence and democracy and to build a free and prosperous country , will   follow   such an armed group , a closed regime and a closed , backward society . Some have attempted in the past to play the Palestinian issue as a political card in the service of regional interests in order to achieve expansionist goals or to promote specific ideas or ideologies that would ignore the true interests of the Palestinian people .
 On an annual average , 700 students enrol at the University of the South Pacific . The proportion of female students for the Cook Islands is 75 per cent , the majority of which are enrolled in management studies   followed   by education , accounting and economics . This has been the situation for the past five-six years and it is envisaged that this trend will continue , reflecting the fact that women are keen to gain higher academic qualifications .
 The fact that there was no military solution to the problem had been starkly proven by Israel 's 40-year occupation . Only a just and peaceful settlement   following   on the principle of land for peace could end the conflict and bring about a comprehensive two-State solution based on the 1967 borders . Yet such a solution remained impossible so long as the occupation and colonization continued .
 However , my delegation believes that much remains to be done at the respective national levels , especially in developing countries . For instance , it is one thing to try and develop regional or even global principles or criteria on arms transfers , but such measures are quite meaningless when a State that participates in initiatives such as workshops does not   follow   up by incorporating the recommended principles in their national legislation , policies and arms transfer control structures and systems . South Africa continues to believe that one of the most important undertakings that we made in the Programme of Action are the elements contained in its section III , namely , implementation , international cooperation and assistance .
 However , most Parties expressed concerns over limitations introduced by the uncertainties in using general circulation models , such as a failure to clearly establish the link between climate change and extreme weather events . Taking the number of Parties reporting key vulnerabilities by sector as a rough indicator of the relative significance of their vulnerabilities , the agriculture sector emerges as the most significant -LRB- 80 per cent of Parties -RRB- ,   followed   by water resources -LRB- 76 per cent -RRB- , coastal and marine -LRB- 59 per cent -RRB- , terrestrial -LRB- forest -RRB- ecosystems -LRB- 57 per cent -RRB- , human health -LRB- 50 per cent -RRB- and finally other sectors including biodiversity , energy , human settlements and tourism -LRB- 37 per cent -RRB- . SIDS emphasized concerns over their particularly high vulnerability to possible losses of agricultural production due to inundations from sea level rise , in addition to potential devastation of human life , property and infrastructure in coastal communities .
 Activities organized in this context are expected to include marine biodiversity .  Following   proposals for the establishment of an international mechanism on scientific expertise in biodiversity , regional consultations on the Consultative Process Towards an International Mechanism of Scientific Expertise on Biodiversity were held in North America and Africa . Other consultations are expected to take place in Asia , Europe and South America .
 Special conferences The General Committee may wish to draw the attention of the General Assembly to the   following   :  The Committee on Conferences recommended that the General Assembly should instruct the Main Committees to review the number of special conferences of the United Nations already proposed and scheduled in their respective fields of activity prior to deciding upon the scheduling of new and additional special conferences , thus bearing in mind the relevant portions of General Assembly resolution 33/55 -LRB- recommendation 6 of the Committee on Conferences , adopted by the Assembly in decision 34/405 , para. -LRB- b -RRB- -RRB- .
 All of this must be done in keeping with international law . The General Assembly , by adopting resolution 60/30 , which   followed   up resolution 59/24 , decided to convene in New York in February 2006 an informal open-ended working group to study issues relating to the conservation and sustainable use of marine biological diversity beyond areas of national jurisdiction as a demonstration of the concern of the international community regarding the increasingly notable deterioration of the extensive marine ecosystems . Recognizing the importance and scope of this issue , the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela actively participated in the meetings , which were organized by the United Nations .
 Since only a limited number of States have made declarations under article 287 of the Convention , it is hoped that an increasing number will make such declaration as called for in the draft resolution . I would like to mention that Trinidad and Tobago had recently made such a declaration , and I very much hope that other States will   follow   that example . The choice of procedure under article 287 of the Convention is of particular relevance as , apart from the Tribunal , there are two other compulsory procedures under the Convention , namely the International Court of Justice and arbitration constituted in accordance with Annex VII of the Convention .
 The establishment of such a register will be an important step forward , as it will undoubtedly mark an important turning point in the implementation of the 9 July 2004 advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice , regarding the legal consequences of the construction of a wall in the occupied Palestinian territory , including in and around East Jerusalem . By adopting resolution ES-10/15 on 20 July 2004 , by an overwhelming majority , the General Assembly demanded that Israel cease its construction of the wall in the occupied Palestinian territory , including in and around East Jerusalem , and called for a return to the situation prevailing prior to construction , given that the construction did not   follow   the 1949 Armistice Line and violated the relevant provisions of international law . Today , thousands of Palestinians are separated from their families , lands and places of employment because of the construction of the wall .
 Article 2 -LRB- A -RRB- -LRB- II -RRB- of Mexico 's Constitution recognizes indigenous peoples ' and communities ' right to autonomy in order to apply their own legal systems and emphasizes the need to respect women 's dignity and integrity . CDI promotes specific activities aimed at promoting the rights of indigenous women , publicizing their rights in all aspects of social relations and training the human capital that can transmit this information to indigenous peoples and communities and can gather information on the specific needs , proposals and vulnerabilities of indigenous people in the context of this issue. Particularly noteworthy are the   following   CDI projects : -LRB- a -RRB- Different voices and discordant voices .
 At the 658th meeting , on 12 February , the Chairman informed the Subcommittee that requests had been received from Angola , Bolivia , the Dominican Republic , Paraguay , Switzerland , the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Tunisia to attend the session as observers .  Following   past practice , those States were invited to send delegations to attend the current session of the Subcommittee and address it , as appropriate , without prejudice to further requests of that nature ; that action did not involve any decision of the Subcommittee concerning status but was a courtesy that the Subcommittee extended to those delegations . The Subcommittee took note of the application by Switzerland for membership in the Committee -LRB- A/AC.105/C.1/2007/CRP.12 -RRB- .
 In that connection , we believe that it would be wise to create additional posts and operational resources , as the Secretary-General proposes , in other priority areas , such as disarmament , the maintenance of peace , human rights and , in the near future , political affairs . That capacity is all the more necessary in that the specific needs of Africa , as identified by the heads of State and Government at the 2000 Millennium Summit and the 2005 World Summit , must be duly planned , programmed ,   followed   up and assessed in a strategic and concrete manner in the annual or multi-year work plans of the United Nations system . Moreover , the various processes launched by Africa 's partners must also be followed up and exploited methodically .
 -LRB- Agenda item 2 -RRB- For its consideration of this item , the Board had before it the   following   documentation : Activities undertaken by UNCTAD in favour of Africa : Report by the Secretary-General of UNCTAD -LRB- TD/B/EX -LRB- 42 -RRB- /2 -RRB- .
 Ibid. , pp. 148 and 149 . See the Norwegian and Swedish objections of 15 March 1999 , which   follow   the same line of thinking with regard to Bangladesh 's reservation to the Convention on the Political Rights of Women of 31 March 1953 , ibid. , vol. II , pp. 85 and 86 -LRB- chap. XVI.1 -RRB- or the objections by Finland to a reservation by Guatemala to the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties and by the Netherlands , Sweden and Austria to a comparable reservation by Peru to the same Convention , in ibid. , pp. 381-384 -LRB- chap . See Pakistan 's reservation to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women -LRB- ibid. , vol. I , p. 253 -LRB- chap. IV.8 -RRB- -RRB- , and the objections made by Austria , Finland , Germany , Netherlands and Norway -LRB- ibid. , pp. 256-272 -RRB- and by Portugal -LRB- ibid. , p. 286 , note 52 -RRB- .
 It was agreed that such a synopsis would be useful when embarking on the operational aspects of asset recovery . The Working Group recommended that a practical handbook for asset recovery should be drawn up by the Secretariat ,   following   the asset recovery process step by step from detection to the return of the assets . The Working Group considered a variety of specific measures in the area of combating money-laundering that could be useful in preventing proceeds from being sent abroad and in the tracing , seizure , freezing and confiscation of stolen assets .
 The bond is the United Nations lien against contractor performance . The Board   followed   up on its previous recommendation that performance bonds should be obtained from contractors in a timely manner and was concerned with the recurrence of similar findings . The Board reviewed 20 samples of systems contracts at United Nations Headquarters and observed that 14 of the contracts totalling $ 428.4 million had performance bonds equivalent to only $ 9.04 million , which was $ 33.8 million short of the $ 42.8 million minimum required level of 10 per cent .
 The Department agreed with the Board 's recommendation that it monitor on a regular basis the submission of the aviation technical evaluation reports . The Board   followed   up on its previous recommendation that the Administration determine whether the change of air operations contracts to the new costing structure had resulted in savings . The Procurement Service informed the Board that it was in the process of recruiting a consultant to determine whether the change of air operations contracts to the new costing structure had resulted in savings and reflected current commercial practices .
 According to the territorial Government , revenue credited to the Consolidated Fund for the year ending on 31 March 2006 was estimated at 197.6 million , and departmental expenditure amounted to 179.6 million . The main sources of Consolidated Fund revenues were income tax , which totalled 112 million ,   followed   by duties , taxes and other receipts amounting to 38.2 million . The main Consolidated Fund areas of expenditure for 2005-2006 were as follows : health and civil protection , 34.3 million ; environment , roads and utilities , 24.5 million , education and training , 21.1 million ; and social and civic affairs , 19.4 million .
 The population of Kenya is estimated at 32 million , of which 5 per cent are under one year , 20 per cent under five years and 50 per cent under 15 years . The morbidity pattern features malaria as a priority disease   followed   by acute respiratory infections , skin conditions and intestinal worms . Of course the HIV/AIDS pandemic remains the most monumental health challenge in Kenya .
 In 2005 , 78 new DTTs were concluded , and in the first six months of 2006 , 41 were added , bringing the total number of DTTs to 2 , 799 by June 2006 -LRB- figure 1 -RRB- . During this 18- month period , Turkey was the most active country , concluding eight new DTTs ,   followed   by Morocco and Spain , with seven new agreements each . In terms of regional coverage , African countries concluded 25 new DTTs between January 2005 and June 2006 , bringing the total number of DTTs concluded by this region to 444 -LRB- table 1 -RRB- .
 This brought the cumulative number for Asia to 985 by the end of June 2006 . Turkey ranked first in the region with eight DTTs ,   followed   by India and Pakistan , with five new DTTs each . Latin American and Caribbean countries concluded 13 new DTTs between January 2005 and June 2006 , bringing the total number to 326 DTTs by the end of June 2006 .
 Many of the recent changes that Canada and the United States introduced into their BITs reflect their arbitration experience . If ever more countries become defendants in investment disputes and if they consider that arbitration tribunals have too much discretion in interpreting BIT provisions , they might wish to   follow   the Canadian and United States approach . However , it is also possible that the substantial increase in arbitral awards will result in a consolidation of case law that makes the outcome of future arbitration both more predictable and acceptable , thereby reducing the need for interpretative statements in BITs -LRB- UNCTAD , forthcoming a -RRB- .
 On 16 and 17 February 2006 , I attended a meeting of the Advisory Committee on the United Nations Secretary-General 's study on violence against women held in New York . On 1 March , I took part in a consultation organized by the Government of Canada ,   following   up on my 2006 report to the Commission on Human Rights -LRB- E/CN.4/2006/61 -RRB- on using the due diligence standard as a tool for the elimination of violence against women . Later that month , on the occasion of International Women 's Day , I participated in various events in Dublin .
 As a result , in a priority dispute between the donee of an asset and the holder of a security right in the asset granted by the donor , a strong argument exists in favour of awarding priority to the secured creditor , even in circumstances where the security right was not otherwise effective against third parties . Accordingly , the general rule is that a security right   follows   the asset in the hands of a transferee -LRB- see A/CN.9/631 , recommendation 85 -RRB- and exceptions are made only for transferees for value , such as buyers , lessees or licensees -LRB- see A/CN.9/631 , recommendations 86-88 -RRB- . Priority of preferential claims
 This will lay a firm foundation for better understanding of national realities , for improved dialogue between the Committee and Member States and for determining the most appropriate approach to be taken in each case . In this regard , Council resolutions should be properly   followed   without extensive interpretation . The CTC should therefore focus on the central elements of cooperation in counter-terrorism , which are precisely those set out in resolution 1373 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and subsequent Council resolutions .
 The 1267 Committee has been the first of the sanctions committees to include this new procedure into its guidelines . The EU hopes that all the Committees will   follow   that example as soon as possible . Thus , sanctions regimes could be harmonized with respect to the need to ensure that all individual requests actually reach the Committee and are thoroughly considered by its members .
 See , e.g. , resolutions 59/309 , para. 7 ; and 61/266 , para . This has been   followed   in practice , with vacancy announcements usually referring to two categories of language : the language of which a perfect command is expressly required and a language of which knowledge constitutes an advantage -LRB- may be the other working language or another official or non-official language of the United Nations -RRB- . As regards the implementation of language incentives , the United Nations Staff Regulations establish accelerated increments for professional staff subject to geographical distribution , who have an adequate and confirmed knowledge of a second official language of the United Nations. -LRB- see annex I of the United Nations Staff Regulations , para .
 In some States , a secured creditor must give an advance notice of its intention to pursue extrajudicial enforcement even before seeking to obtain possession of the encumbered assets . This means that the creditor must provide the grantor -LRB- and usually also third parties with a right in the encumbered assets -RRB- a written notice specifying the default , the encumbered assets , the creditor 's intention to demand possession of the assets , the time period within which the grantor must either remedy the default or surrender the assets -LRB- typically 15-20 days -RRB- and , frequently , also the particular remedy that the creditor intends to   follow   in disposing of them . In other States , the timing of the notice is deferred and its substantive content is often less detailed .
 These States usually also provide that any informal private agreements entered into by grantors and secured creditors after default are enforceable , but only as contractual payment remedies that have no effect on third parties with rights in the encumbered assets . Where States expressly permit the creditor to take the encumbered assets in satisfaction of the secured obligation after default , provided that it has   followed   the required procedural steps , this does not mean that the grantor must accept the secured creditor 's offer . The grantor may refuse to do so , with the consequence that the secured creditor will have to pursue one of its other remedies .
 The Malawi Competition and Fair Trading Commission provided detailed information on the assistance requested from UNCTAD in relation to the main issues of the Advocacy Programme . The precondition for the establishment of this programme is the clear identification of all stakeholder groups ,   followed   by an assessment of the various options and the ascertainment of Malawi 's principal needs in the area of competition law and policy . Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
 Chairmen of regional groups The   following   information regarding the chairmanship of the regional groups for the month of November 2007 has been communicated to the Secretariat : African States :
 For example , at what point should an FI be comfortable that the human rights issues in a project have been adequately addressed : when , say , 80 per cent of those impacted have accepted the sponsor 's proposals ? He said that if FIs which have signed up to the Principles only finance projects with 100 per cent local acceptance , other projects will still go ahead financed by local or regional banks that do not   follow   Principles standards , potentially resulting in significantly greater risk to human rights . Tadashi Maeda -LRB- Director General and Special Advisor for Energy and Resources , Japan Bank for International Cooperation -RRB- shared his experience introducing the 2002 environmental and social impact guidelines of the Japan Bank for International Cooperation -LRB- JBIC -RRB- .
 Requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary measures with a view to expeditiously operationalizing the mechanisms ; Decides to   follow   up on the matter under the same agenda item at its seventh session . A/HRC/6/L.12/Rev.1
 In 2003 , when the Ombudsperson Office was established , most assistance was personal -LRB- 32.56 % -RRB- and by telephone -LRB- 20.93 % -RRB- . Most requests of assistance came from the Center-West region -LRB- 33.72 % -RRB- ,   followed   by the Southeast -LRB- 17.44 % -RRB- . Assistance was requested mostly through requests -LRB- 56.98 % -RRB- , followed by denunciations -LRB- 33.72 % -RRB- .
 Most requests for assistance again came from the Center-West region -LRB- 34.38 % -RRB- and the Southeast -LRB- 29.46 % -RRB- . Assistance requests came mostly through requests -LRB- 39.73 % -RRB- ,   followed   by denunciations -LRB- 27.23 % -RRB- . The most relevant issue was access to and guarantee of social rights -LRB- 25 % -RRB- , followed by domestic violence -LRB- 9.82 % -RRB- , and employment -LRB- 8.93 % -RRB- , which ranked third and fourth , respectively ; and discrimination -LRB- 8.04 % -RRB- and violence -LRB- 8.04 % -RRB- , both of which ranked fifth .
 In 2005 , most assistance was provided via e-mail -LRB- 59.07 % -RRB- and by telephone -LRB- 18.41 % -RRB- . Most requests for assistance came from the Southeast region -LRB- 30.49 percent -RRB-   followed   by the Center-West -LRB- 24.45 % -RRB- . Assistance was asked mostly through requests -LRB- 39.29 % -RRB- , followed by denunciations -LRB- 22.25 % -RRB- .
 Most requests for assistance came from the Southeast region -LRB- 30.49 percent -RRB- followed by the Center-West -LRB- 24.45 % -RRB- . Assistance was asked mostly through requests -LRB- 39.29 % -RRB- ,   followed   by denunciations -LRB- 22.25 % -RRB- . Matters related to social rights -LRB- 17.58 % -RRB- ranked second ; discrimination -LRB- 11.26 % -RRB- ranked third ; violence -LRB- 10.44 % -RRB- ranked fourth ; and domestic violence -LRB- 7.97 % -RRB- ranked fifth .
 Companies referenced international instruments in formulating their policies . Among the FG500 , ILO declarations and conventions topped the list ,   followed   by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights . United Nations human rights treaties were mentioned infrequently .
 More than 80 per cent also said they worked with external stakeholders on their human rights policies . NGOs topped that list ,   followed   by industry associations . Intergovernmental organizations were a distant third - except for United States firms , which ranked them fifth , behind labour unions and Governments .
 Between 1990 and 2005 , 17 countries accounted for 75 per cent of the increase in the number of international migrants . The United States gained 15 million migrants and Germany and Spain   followed   , with gains above 4 million each . The growth of the migrant stock has been mostly concentrated in high-income countries , whether developed or developing -LRB- see table 4 -RRB- .
 Cases of waiver of immunity of officials other than Secretariat officials and experts on mission In all instances , the Secretary-General   follows   the normal practice of waiving immunity when he determines , according to the merits of a particular case , that immunity would impede the course of justice and that it could be waived without prejudice to the interests of the United Nations . Since the adoption of General Assembly resolution 3188 -LRB- XXVIII -RRB- , two requests to waive the immunity of United Nations officials other than Secretariat officials have been received and waivers have been granted .
 The Chief of Section would formulate policies and procedures to improve personnel administration in the Force , represent the administration on joint staff/management bodies and participate in the work of local subsidiary promotion panels . In addition , the Chief would maintain close contact with section chiefs and civilian and military supervisors and adviser on staff problems and welfare , undertake consultations in connection with promotion reviews , advise military personnel on procedures to be   followed   in matters concerning civilian staff under their supervision and develop , monitor and review job descriptions. The Personnel Section would also comprise : -LRB- a -RRB- The International Personnel Staff Unit , which would be headed by a Human Resources Officer -LRB- P-4 -RRB- under the supervision of the Chief of Section. He/she would be responsible for the administration of the international staff assigned to UNIFIL .
 Let me acknowledge as well the dedicated and professional contributions made by the Secretary-General , Mr. Ordzhonikidze , his deputy Tim Caughley , and all the secretariat staff , and finally , the consistent high standards of our interpreters who managed , at least at the linguistic level , to ensure clarity and mutual understanding in this Council . On the point of my departure to return to the Foreign Ministry in Ottawa , I can assure you that I will continue to   follow   developments here with great interest , perhaps an even greater sense of relief , mingled though with affection for all associated with the CD and a fervent hope for a brighter future for the disarmament community . The PRESIDENT -LRB- spoke in French -RRB- : I thank Paul Meyer for his farewell statement , which will be in our minds for some time .
 Amendments to the pension scheme regulations of judges of United Nations courts On behalf of the International Criminal Court -LRB- ICC -RRB- , I have the honour to seek your assistance in bringing the above issue to the attention of the General Assembly through appropriate channels. The background to this request is as   follows   : In annex VI to the budget for the first financial period -LRB- ICC-ASP/1/3 , part III -RRB- , the Assembly of States Parties -LRB- ASP -RRB- decided that judges of ICC shall be entitled to pension benefits similar to those applicable to the members of the International Court of Justice .
 Let me first of all recall the nature of the mission . As members know , the Security Council ,   following   a suggestion made by our Russian colleague , decided to undertake a mission on the Kosovo issue . The mission was essentially an information mission .
 Steps should be taken to ensure that UNAMID was ready to deploy fully by 31 December 2007 . It was a matter of great concern that the Secretariat seemed not to have   followed   proper procurement procedures , despite the 16 months of planning time available to the Department of Peacekeeping Operations between the adoption of Security Council resolutions 1663 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- and 1769 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . According to publicly available information , that Department had still not finalized its list of requirements by April 2007 , yet had requested approval on 19 April 2007 for a comprehensive contract to be awarded without competitive bidding , arguing that the company concerned was the only competent one in Darfur and was already providing services to the African Union Mission in the Sudan -LRB- AMIS -RRB- .
 As a rule , however , commercial enterprises will acquire a substantial part of their raw materials , inventory and equipment on credit . When tangible assets are purchased on credit , the buyer often obtains the credit on an unsecured basis. This normally occurs in one of the   following   two ways. First , a buyer might simply borrow an amount equal to the purchase price from a third party on an unsecured basis . For example , while the sale transaction is itself a cash transaction , it may effectively be financed by a general line of credit from the primary lender of the business .
 Requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary measures with a view to expeditiously operationalizing the mechanisms ; Decides to   follow   up on the matter under the same agenda item at its seventh session . 21st meeting 28 September 2007 -LSB- Adopted without a vote .
 Without transparent decision-making processes , distant participants can not be certain that their views and aspirations will receive due consideration . Without adequate procedures and institutions for holding the direct decision-makers accountable for their actions and inactions , indirect participants can not ensure that decisions agreed upon through participatory processes will be   followed   . Therefore , the prerequisites to effective participation in which ordinary citizens can influence outcomes of decision-making processes include mechanisms and systems that create an empowered citizenry , assured of their basic human rights , who are able to counterbalance powerful minority actors .
 Monitoring and evaluation Throughout the 10-year reporting period , ground surveys were the monitoring and evaluation method most often reported by States ,   followed   by aerial photography and the use of satellite imagery . A number of States consistently reported on monitoring through human intelligence , community policing , information networks , ground patrols and surveillance by helicopter .
 -LRB- Composite index -RRB- In general , the key area in which the most progress was made over the five reporting periods was the capacity to collect and analyse information ,   followed   by policy and strategic responses , measures to improve awareness and reduce demand and measures to improve technical capacity to detect and monitor the problem of amphetamine-type stimulants , including capacity to better understand it . International and multisectoral cooperation was located at the low end .
 The Ministers noted with deep concern that the lack of effective implementation of the internationally agreed development goals , including the Millennium Development Goals , remains the Achilles heel of the development agenda and stressed that securing the effective and full implementation of the agreed goals and commitments must be the highest priority . Building on General Assembly resolution 60/265 , the United Nations should develop an intergovernmental consensus for the establishment of effective mechanisms to review and   follow   up the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals and the internationally agreed development goals . The Ministers welcomed the operationalization by the General Assembly of resolution 61/16 on the strengthening of the Economic and Social Council and expressed their satisfaction with the outcome of the annual ministerial review and the launch of the Development Cooperation Forum during the substantive session of the Economic and Social Council , held in Geneva from 1 to 28 July 2007 .
 The first group of draft guidelines included in the eleventh report -LRB- 2.6.3 to 2.6.6 -RRB- concerned the freedom to make objections to reservations . The Special Rapporteur recalled that it was merely a freedom , given that the Commission had not made it conditional on the incompatibility of a reservation with the object and purpose of the treaty , and that the Vienna Conference had   followed   the Commission in that regard despite the doubts of some delegations . That approach was in keeping with the spirit of consensus pervading all of treaty law , in the sense that a State could not unilaterally impose on other contracting parties the modification of a treaty binding them by means of a reservation .
 The Special Rapporteur recalled that , on a strict view of drafting , draft article 5 was redundant , but it was generally accepted that such a provision should be included for the sake of clarity . It was noted that draft article 5 bis had previously been included as paragraph 2 of draft article 5 , but was now presented as a separate draft article   following   suggestions that the provision was to be distinguished from that in draft article 5 . The term competence had been deleted and replaced by capacity .
 Located at http : //www.un.org/law/ilc/ . The members of the Group are as   follows   : Mr. E. Candioti , Mr. P. Comissario Afonso , Mr. Z. Galicki , Mr. A. Pellet and Mr. C. Yamada . The Chairman of the Commission and the Chairman of the Planning Group would serve as ex officio .
 The Paraguayan economy is based on independent labour . The dominant group in the labour force is that of self-employed workers -LRB- 39.8 % -RRB- ,   followed   by unpaid family workers -LRB- 13.1 % -RRB- and employers -LRB- 4.2 % -RRB- . The total of these figures shows that some 6 out of every 10 persons working generate income through the direct sale of their products or services .
 Progress at the legislative level includes the incorporation in the Code on Children and Adolescents of the principles of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the doctrine of full protection in domestic legislation which seeks to address matters relating to children and teenagers . The   following   are a few specific contributions of that Code : - Explicit and tacit recognition of rights and guarantees for children and adolescents .
 They are : -LRB- acute respiratory infections -LRB- ARIs -RRB- , diarrhoeas , intestinal parasitoses and anaemias . Cases of diarrhoea among babies under one year of age are still one of the most frequent causes of illness ; they are   followed   by respiratory diseases and nutritional deficiencies . The principal diseases occurring among children under age 5 are those which arise during the perinatal period , and in particular intestinal and acute respiratory infections .
 The second most frequently consumed drug is tobacco , with a prevalence of 32.4 per cent . In the field of illegal drugs , inhalants have a prevalence of 1.9 per cent ,   followed   by marijuana -LRB- 1.4 per cent -RRB- . Regarding violence and its physical and psychological consequences , in Paraguay over 18 per cent of women reported having seen or heard , during their childhood or adolescence , their parents ill-treating one another in the household .
 The third panel 's last speaker discussed the experience of his region in dealing with the accounting and financial reporting needs of SMEs . He said that the accountancy profession in his region was closely   following   developments in the IASB with respect to the project on accounting for SMEs . The accountancy profession in his region had felt that there was still a need to provide guidance to a third level of SMEs , which the IASB SME standard was not likely to cater for .
 The CMP agreed to proceed on the basis of the proposal made by the President . Approval of the report on credentials -LRB- Agenda item 2 -LRB- d -RRB- -RRB- At the 10th meeting , on 17 November , the President recalled that the CMP had adopted decision 36/CMP.1 , which states that credentials from Parties to the Kyoto Protocol would apply for participation of their representatives in sessions of the COP and of the CMP , and that a single report on credentials would be submitted for approval ,   following   established procedures , by the Bureau of the COP to the COP and to the CMP . At the same meeting , the CMP approved the credentials of Parties attending the session contained in document FCCC/CP/2006/4-FCCC/KP/CMP/2006/8 .
 An issue such as Iran 's nuclear issue can not be solved through pressure or through Security Council resolutions . The durable solution to this issue is to   follow   logic , and to follow international law and regulations . My country is committed to a negotiated solution and is of the belief that the issue can be resolved through negotiations without any preconditions , as the NAM heads of State and government emphasized in their special statement in Havana .
 This represents an increase in the rate of reported recruitment by the TMVP/faction , as compared to the previous 12-month reporting period . The majority of children were abducted and recruited by the TMVP/faction in Batticaloa ,   followed   by Ampara , Trincomalee and Polonnaruwa districts . Table 5 Trends in the reported recruitment and verified releases of children by the Karuna faction as of 31 August 2007
 C. Incidents of killing and maiming Since 1 November 2006 , there were verified reports of 45 children killed and 77 children maimed owing to the conflict , with more than half of the incidents occurring in Batticaloa ,   followed   by Mannar and Jaffna districts . Eleven of the 45 verified cases -LRB- 25 per cent -RRB- of children killed owing to the conflict were registered in the UNICEF underage recruitment database as children recruited by armed groups .
 Informal briefings Informal briefings -LRB- closed -RRB- will be held as   follows   : Friday , 5 October 2007 , immediately following the organizational meeting of the Fifth Committee , in Conference Room 3 :
 The accounting and auditing requirements as outlined in the Banking Companies Ordinance are in addition to the requirements contained in the Companies Ordinance . SBP has prescribed formats for financial statements , including disclosure requirements that each bank must   follow   . Due to the exemption granted to financial institutions from the applicability of IAS 39 and IAS 40 , these formats deviate from full compliance with IFRS .
 Accreditation will be open to : -LRB- a -RRB- all non-governmental organizations that are in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council ; and -LRB- b -RRB- all non-governmental organizations and business sector entities that have been accredited to the International Conference on Financing for Development and its follow-up process . In addition , interested non-governmental organizations and business sector entities that are not in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council or were not accredited to the International Conference on Financing for Development or its follow-up process may apply to the General Assembly for accreditation   following   the accreditation procedure established during the International Conference . Online registration and accreditation forms are available at www.un-ngls.org/ffd/sign.php .
 Moreover , rule 19 of the rules of procedure states that the Bureau of the Commission is to consist of seven members -LRB- i.e. four members from Lists A and C combined , two members from List B and one member from List D , referred to in the annex to the General Assembly resolution 1995 -LRB- XIX -RRB- as amended -RRB- . Accordingly ,   following   the cycle of rotation established after UNCTAD IX , the bureau for the eleventh session of the Commission will be as follows : Chairperson from List A -LRB- Asia -RRB- , Rapporteur from List B ; and five Vice-Chairpersons -LRB- 3 from List A and C combined , 1 from List B and 1 from List D -RRB- . Item 2. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
 According to the information furnished to UNODC through the annual reports questionnaire , cannabis was grown in 176 States and territories during the 1994-2004 period . A tentative breakdown of the figures shows that most cannabis was grown in the Americas -LRB- 54 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by Africa -LRB- 27 per cent -RRB- , Asia -LRB- 15 per cent -RRB- , Europe -LRB- 4 per cent -RRB- and Oceania -LRB- 1 per cent -RRB- . Figure V
 To date , the country programme has received $ 111 , 241 , 000 in other resources . The funds have been used for the   following   programmes : maternal and child health care ; primary education ; child and adolescent protection ; water , environment and sanitation ; planning , monitoring and evaluation ; and cross-sectoral activities . It is anticipated that an additional $ 58 , 000 , 000 will be required to continue the following programmes : maternal and child health care -LRB- $ 26 , 850 , 000 -RRB- ; primary education -LRB- $ 24 , 750 , 000 -RRB- ; child and adolescent protection -LRB- $ 3 , 000 , 000 -RRB- ; water , environment and sanitation -LRB- $ 2 , 500 , 000 -RRB- ; planning , monitoring and evaluation -LRB- $ 500 , 000 -RRB- ; and cross-sectoral activities -LRB- $ 400 , 000 -RRB- .
 Reaffirms the importance of disarmament , demobilization and reintegration programmes , and encourages the United Nations Peacebuilding Commission to support efforts for the political stabilization and reconstruction of post-conflict countries ; Notes with satisfaction the revitalization of the work of the United Nations Standing Advisory Committee on Security Questions in Central Africa   following   the decision of the twenty-fourth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee , held at Kigali from 25 to 29 September 2006 ; Welcomes the adoption by the twenty-fifth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee , held at Sao Tome from 14 to 18 May 2007 , of the Sao Tome Initiative , which provides for the drafting of a legal instrument on the control of small arms and light weapons in Central Africa and of a code of conduct for defence and security forces in Central Africa , and encourages interested countries to provide their financial support for the development of these two projects ;
 Annex to the identical letters dated 9 February 2007 from the Charg d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Georgia to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council With reference to the report by the Secretary-General of 11 January 2007 -LRB- S/2007/15 -RRB- , the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Georgia reiterates that , as a responsible State and a member of the international community , Georgia strictly   follows   the requirements of Security Council resolution 1716 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- of 13 October 2006 regarding the situation in Abkhazia , Georgia , in particular with respect to the Kodori Valley -LRB- Upper Abkhazia -RRB- . The aforementioned is confirmed by the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia -LRB- UNOMIG -RRB- , which carried out two patrols of the Valley  in October and December 2006 .
 Mrs. Orantes -LRB- Guatemala -RRB- -LRB- spoke in Spanish -RRB- : Guatemala is grateful for the convening of this High-level Dialogue , which is an essential mechanism for following up on the Monterrey Consensus and preparing for the intergovernmental Conference to be held at Doha . We reaffirm our commitment to making the best use of the most cost-effective mechanisms for   following   up on the Consensus , including the Annual Ministerial Review and the Development Cooperation Forum , recently established within the Economic and Social Council . My delegation associates itself with the statements made on behalf of the Group of 77 and China , the Rio Group and the Pilot Group on Solidarity Contributions for Development .
 Global insurance premiums lagged global economic growth , with developing economies struggling to increase insurance premiums . Regarding shares of global insurance premiums , Western Europe accounted for 37 per cent ,   followed   by North America -LRB- 34 per cent -RRB- and Japan and newly industrialized Asian economies -LRB- 17 per cent -RRB- . Africa , the Middle East and Central Asia accounted for 1 per cent each .
 This courageous , historic first visit by an Arab leader to Israel , and the speech he gave at the Israeli parliament , is to this day credited with changing the geopolitics of the entire Middle East , opening the path for peace between Israel and the Arab world and shaping a new agenda of political relations in the region . President Sadat 's courageous push for dialogue and common understanding was   followed   years later when King Hussein of Jordan travelled that same road to peace . Today , Israel , Egypt and Jordan have collectively known more years of peace than of confrontation and conflict , years in which open dialogue and cooperative ventures have been possible .
 The terms of reference of the negotiations on all tracks must be consistent with the relevant United Nations resolutions , the Road Map , the Arab Peace Initiative , international legitimacy , the Madrid Peace Conference terms of reference and the principle of land for peace . It is also absolutely necessary that an international mechanism be established to closely   follow   progress in the negotiations among the parties and to monitor the implementation of the outcome of the negotiations . From paragraph 14 of the report of the Secretary-General -LRB- A/62/344 -RRB- , we can see that Israeli excavations in the area of the Al-Aqsa mosque and Al-Haram Al-Sharif and its Mughrabi Gate have led to civil disorder and tension .
 2.2 The complainant left Naria and went to Dhaka where he stayed with his maternal uncle . After a few days , members of the Awami League saw him and   followed   him to his uncle 's home . On the same night , he saw the police enter through the gate of his uncle 's home , and he jumped out of a window and took a train to Sylhet , where his sister lives .
 5.3 Regarding the so-called demonstrable absence of risks in the event of his return to Tunisia , the complainant stresses that he frequently has to call his counsel from a public telephone booth . Although he was not arrested upon or after his arrival in Tunisia , he is under constant surveillance -LRB- wiretapping and being   followed   -RRB- . His personal belongings are still being withheld .
 The use of this know-how and of relevant capabilities was expected to be monitored by the United Nations under the monitoring mechanism created by the Council as long as the Council reaffirmed Iraq 's disarmament obligations under its relevant resolutions , not through self-monitoring by Iraq 's national institutions . It should also be noted that a number of UNMOVIC 's present concerns about unresolved issues actually   follow   from the ISG 's findings . For example , the report of the Iraq Survey Group provided information related to the disposal by Iraqi personnel of bulk quantities of liquid anthrax in an area in Baghdad in 1991 , but it was not clarified whether those quantities of agent were deactivated before being dumped into the ground .
 The session was attended by representatives of the following States members of the Working Group : Algeria , Austria , Belarus , Bolivia , Cameroon , Canada , China , Colombia , Czech Republic , Egypt , France , Germany , Iran -LRB- Islamic Republic of -RRB- , Latvia , Lebanon , Mexico , Morocco , Nigeria , Norway , Paraguay , Poland , Republic of Korea , Russian Federation , Senegal , Singapore , Spain , Thailand , United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , United States of America and Venezuela -LRB- Bolivarian Republic of -RRB- . The session was attended by observers from the   following   States : Angola , Brazil , Dominican Republic , Indonesia , Nicaragua , Philippines , Portugal , Qatar , Romania , Slovenia , Sweden , Syrian Arab Republic , Tunisia and Turkey . The session was also attended by observers from the following international organizations :
 As regards the structure of article 51 bis , it was noted that the article had been drafted to address the pre-auction procedures for all types of stand-alone ERAs , and that in order to avoid an excessively long text , extensive cross-references to other articles of the Model Law had been used . The Working Group considered that the result was complex and difficult to   follow   , and therefore whether alternative approaches to drafting might make the article and procedures easier to comprehend . One suggested approach was to set out in full all the relevant provisions in the text .
 Administrative Assistant -LRB- G-3/4 -RRB- The incumbent will screen and prioritize all incoming correspondence ; monitor and   follow   up on actions to be taken ; research , compile and summarize background materials for use in the preparation of reports , briefs and speeches ; scan reports from the specialized agencies ; assist in entering data on formed police unit personnel ; and exercise quality control function for all outgoing documents , including proofreading and editing texts for adherence for format , grammar , punctuation and style . Standing Police Capacity Section -LRB- 2 P-5 , 15 P-4 , 8 P-3 -RRB-
 According to article XII of the IAEA Statute , any non-compliance with its provisions must be determined by the inspectors and reported to the Director General , who , in turn , would report it to the Board of Governors . Since none of those legal procedures had been   followed   , resolution GOV/2006/14 of the Board of Governors , conveying the nuclear dossier to the Security Council , had no legal grounds . Consequently , Security Council resolutions 1696 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , 1737 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- and 1747 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , adopted on the basis of the Board 's resolution , were unjustified and legally baseless .
 Second , revisions throughout the current text of the Model Law would have to be made to provide for appropriate transparency , oversight and review procedures . Appropriate safeguards would need to be built in the Model Law to ensure : first , that procedures for allocation of purchase orders under the multi-supplier framework contracts are disclosed to suppliers in the beginning of the procurement proceedings ; and second , that the suppliers parties to the framework agreement will have means to verify that such procedures were indeed   followed   -LRB- by requiring , for example , that , once purchase orders are allocated , the suppliers parties to the framework agreement must be notified of allocated purchase orders and to whom they were allocated -RRB- . While there would be no difficulty in incorporating in the Model Law the requirement to disclose in the beginning of the procurement proceedings the procedures on allocation of purchase orders under the framework contract -LRB- through additions to article 27 and equivalent articles regulating other procurement methods -RRB- , there may be greater difficulty in providing for effective oversight and review , as such provisions would then be applied to the contract administration stage .
 The Muslim community in Singapore was very well organized , perhaps better than its counterparts in China and India . However , she assured the Committee that Singapore would study other countries ' approaches and decide which one to   follow   . It seemed to her that the Muslim community wished to move with the times and to progress along with the rest of society .
 At the 658th meeting , on 12 February , the Chairman informed the Subcommittee that requests had been received from Angola , Bolivia , the Dominican Republic , Paraguay , Switzerland , the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Tunisia to attend the session as observers .  Following   past practice , those States were invited to send delegations to attend the current session of the Subcommittee and address it , as appropriate , without prejudice to further requests of that nature ; that action did not involve any decision of the Subcommittee concerning status but was a courtesy that the Subcommittee extended to those delegations . The Subcommittee took note of the application by Switzerland for membership in the Committee -LRB- A/AC.105/C.1/2007/CRP.12 -RRB- .
 The IIA work programme aims at enabling beneficiary countries to participate as effectively as possible in international discussions on and negotiations of IIAs , and to harness the development potential of these agreements . This programme emanated from the 1996 Midrand Declaration of UNCTAD IX -LRB- paragraph 89b -RRB- and the then-acute need to   follow   the discussions and negotiations of a multilateral investment agreement in the OECD . Even after the discontinuation of this OECD endeavour , the need to familiarize developing countries with issues in IIAs perpetuated , though with changing connotations , due to the Singapore -LRB- 1997 -RRB- and Doha Ministerial Declarations -LRB- 2001 -RRB- of the World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- , and the ever-increasing number and complexity of the international rules system for FDI .
 This pattern is illustrated in figures XI and XII , which show , respectively , the age distribution of the female and male staff and the distribution of age groups in the Secretariat . The highest average age is for Under Secretaries-General and Assistant Secretaries-General -LRB- 59.9 years -RRB- ,   followed   by the Director category -LRB- 54.7 years -RRB- . The average age of staff in the Professional category is 46.0 years , and at the P-2 grade , 37.1 years .
 On the other hand , industry employment rose by 5.7 per cent , following a slump in 1999 . All sub-sectors posted positive growth rates led by the manufacturing sector and   followed   by the construction sector , mining and quarrying sector , and electricity , gas and water sector . The rapid expansion in the labor force and the moderate performance of the economy resulted in the increase of unemployed persons over time .
 From the Five Year Summary -LRB- 1996-2000 -RRB- of Annual Medical Report , the following were noted : A total of 10 , 176 representative establishments submitted AMR with wholesale and retail trade with the most number of reports -LRB- 4 , 533 -RRB-   followed   by manufacturing -LRB- 1 , 699 -RRB- ; A total of 248 , 144 workers were exposed to various occupational hazards . Bacterial , viral , dust , mist and liquids were the specific types of hazards to which the majority of workers had been exposed .
 In case of a temporary total disability occasioned by occupational illnesses and injuries , an employee shall be entitled to cash income benefits in the form of daily cash allowance equivalent to 90 per cent of the employees ' average daily salary credit and which shall not be more than 90 pesos for GSIS members and not more than 200 pesos for SSS members . This daily cash allowance benefit for work-related illnesses shall be in addition to or on top of the benefits obtainable under SSS and GSIS   following   the principle of simultaneous recovery of benefits . A temporary total disability -LRB- TTD -RRB- is a disability that prevents an employee from performing his gainful occupation for a continuous period not exceeding 120 days and which may be extended to 120 days if medical attendance is still required but not to exceed 240 days .
 That is , 59.2 per cent of the working children in October 2003 and 57.3 per cent by October 2004 . The second highest number of working children was found in the wholesale and retail trade ,   followed   by children employed by private households , with almost 10 per cent . Less than 2 per cent of working children were found in construction and other industries .
 Within the 10-year period before the survey , IMR in urban areas was 30.9 while in rural areas it was 40.2 . The lowest IMR was in Metro Manila -LRB- 23.7 -RRB-   followed   by Central Luzon -LRB- 23.6 -RRB- and Western Visayas -LRB- 26.0 -RRB- . The three regions with highest IMR are Eastern Visayas -LRB- 60.8 -RRB- , ARMM -LRB- 55.1 -RRB- and CARAGA -LRB- 53.2 -RRB- .
 Resolves that , for the biennium 2006-2007 : -LRB- a -RRB- The estimates of income of 492 , 248 , 800 United States dollars approved by it in its resolutions 61/253 B of 22 December 2006 , 61/258 of 26 March 2007 and 61/275 of 29 June 2007 shall be increased by 12 , 930 , 700 dollars , as   follows   : -LRB- b -RRB- The income from staff assessment shall be credited to the Tax Equalization Fund in accordance with the provisions of General Assembly resolution 973 -LRB- X -RRB- of 15 December 1955 ;
 Ms. Suda -LRB- Kenya -RRB- , recalling the question on the quality of medical care and its relationship to maternal mortality , said that , in addition to the distance of maternal health clinics from rural areas , the attitude of health-care providers deterred women from making use of the services available to them . The Government , in response , had established a number of pilot maternity clinics where best practices were   followed   , in order to ensure that pregnant women could receive the care they needed . That initiative , along with a number of others , had begun to have an effect on the number of HIV/AIDS infections , as well as on maternal mortality and morbidity .
 As of September 2007 , the Ministries of Social Development , the Family and Solidarity were consolidated into a single entity that integrates gender perspective into sustainable human development . Implementation of the action plan of the national strategy for gender equity and equality will   follow   a participatory and collaborative approach designed to ensure the complementarity of inputs from the various partners : ministerial departments and non-governmental organizations . Establishing a broadly collaborative mechanism is a priority of the Ministry of Social Development .
 With regard to the most appropriate methods for identifying suitable areas for the establishment of marine protected areas , the need to apply multiple techniques combined with multivariate habitat modelling to identify hot spots in a wider area was highlighted . The experts also pointed out that an adaptive management approach based on regular monitoring should be   followed   , and recommended that decisions be based on the best available knowledge of the species ' ecology , while concentrating on aspects most likely to be impacted by anthropogenic threats . As called for in the context of the Marine Mammal Action Plan for the Wider Caribbean Region , a sister sanctuary arrangement was concluded between the Stellwagen Bank National Marine Sanctuary off the coast of Massachusetts , United States , and the Marine Mammal Sanctuary of the Dominican Republic .
 Introduction The Committee commends the State party for ratifying the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women without reservations. It expresses its appreciation to the State party for its combined initial , second , and third periodic report , which   followed   the Committee 's guidelines for the preparation of reports , but which was long overdue and did not provide enough statistical data disaggregated by sex . The Committee expresses its appreciation to the State party for the oral presentation , the written replies to the list of issues and questions raised by its pre-session working group , and the further clarifications to the questions orally posed by the Committee .
 Ethiopia proposed that paragraph 2 should allow any organization with knowledge of a violation to represent a victim . Ecuador suggested   following   the approach of the American Convention on Human Rights to grant standing to legally recognized non-governmental entities . Portugal stressed that certain rights under the Covenant can only be exercised collectively , notably article 8 , paragraph 1 , subparagraphs -LRB- b -RRB- and -LRB- c -RRB- .
 Priority between security rights in the same encumbered assets The law should provide that priority between competing security rights in the same encumbered assets is determined as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- As between security rights that were made effective against third parties by registration of a notice , priority is determined by the order of registration , regardless of the order of creation of the security rights ;
 Submission of reports by States parties under articles 16 and 17 of the Covenant In that connection , the Committee had before it the   following   documents : -LRB- a -RRB- Note by the Secretary-General on the revised general guidelines regarding the form and contents of reports to be submitted by States parties -LRB- E/C.12/1991/1 -RRB- ;
 She explained that the Secretariat would follow up on the matter with the competent entities of the United Nations . One representative said that because UNEP was a specialized agency of the United Nations , the United Nations rules concerning accreditation should be   followed   . Dumping of toxic wastes in Abidjan , Cte d'Ivoire
 Employment and reconciliation of work and family life Please provide more information about the proposals for new types of parental support , contained in the report of the National Institute for Public Health of January 2005 , and what operative steps have   followed   it , in light of the Government 's instructions to the NIPH in 2006 -LRB- see paras. 140 and 141 -RRB- . The report refers to a number of measures , in particular provisions in the Equal Opportunities Act , to address the wage gap between women and men .
 However , this position changed in 1965 , when ILO argued that many retired officials and their survivors , whose financial position was less favourable than that of the serving officials , were required to devote to health protection a quite disproportionate part of their income as compared with serving officials  the principle of social insurance which has been fully applied for active insured persons since 1958 and which implies the sharing of the costs , irrespective of whether those protected are good or bad risks , should be extended to retired officials and their survivors . The ILO governing body approved the sharing of the cost of insuring the retired officials and subsequently other United Nations system organizations   followed   suit . Currently , all the health insurance schemes in the United Nations system provide for cost-shared health insurance coverage to retirees and their dependants .
 Indeed , this activity will be based on the CICA documents and the principle of consensus . Thus , it is necessary to   follow   strictly the provisions of the preamble and article 1 of the catalogue , which define the purposes and functions of the CICA confidence-building measures . In order to facilitate the further work of the Group , the CICA member States considered the confidence-building measures under the following headings :
 A high level Media Awareness Campaign Committee , comprising Federal Minister and Members of Parliament formed recently has started making positive contribution . For monitoring and proper   follow   up of violence cases , at the highest level there is a Federal Cabinet Committee to prevent violence against women . The Committee has been charged to regularly examine , monitor and report position status on the subject to the Cabinet .
 A conspicuously women-led surge in the third one -LRB- unpaid family worker -RRB- gives credence to the aforementioned observation . Majority -LRB- 38 % -RRB- constitutes employees   followed   by self-employed -LRB- 37 % -RRB- , unpaid family helpers -LRB- 24 % -RRB- and employers -LRB- 1 % -RRB- . As expected , more female workers are engaged as unpaid family helpers -LRB- 53 % -RRB- compared to male workers -LRB- 18 % -RRB- .
 Note by the Secretariat  Following   requests from some members of the Persistent Organic Pollutants Review Committee designated by developing country Parties , at its third meeting the Conference of the Parties requested the Secretariat to undertake work to support and strengthen the capacity of Parties which are developing countries or countries with economies in transition to participate fully in the work of the Committee , in particular with regard to identifying and compiling the information requested by the Committee relating to the chemicals being evaluated for listing in the Convention. The proposed work includes : -LRB- a -RRB- Preparing a handbook on the work of the Committee and what a developing country needs to do to prepare for it , in particular with regards to collecting and analysing relevant information under Annexes E and F ;
 However , this position changed in 1965 , when ILO argued that many retired officials and their survivors , whose financial position was less favourable than that of the serving officials , were required to devote to health protection a quite disproportionate part of their income as compared with serving officials  the principle of social insurance which has been fully applied for active insured persons since 1958 and which implies the sharing of the costs , irrespective of whether those protected are good or bad risks , should be extended to retired officials and their survivors . The ILO governing body approved the sharing of the cost of insuring the retired officials and subsequently other United Nations system organizations   followed   suit . Currently , all the health insurance schemes in the United Nations system provide for cost-shared health insurance coverage to retirees and their dependants .
 In his main conclusions and recommendations , the Special Rapporteur invited the Council to remind member States of the crucial importance of political will in the refusal to trivialize racism , xenophobia and related intolerance , the rejection of their use in politics and electoral campaigns and the systematic combating of racist and xenophobic political platforms . In that spirit , he invited the Council to encourage member States to demonstrate renewed commitment to the implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action , including through the organization , in cooperation with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights , of regional conferences to assess the progress of and challenges and obstacles to such implementation ,   following   the example of the Regional Conference of the Americas held in Brasilia in July 2006 , which brought together Governments , affected communities , civil society and international and regional organizations . Accordingly , he welcomes the launching by the General Assembly of the Durban Conference review process , in which he intends to participate actively .
 The commentator also cautioned against the imposition of overarching principles for coordination and cooperation , a point that was supported by others . In terms of how to proceed , the speaker counselled   following   the Charter , a practice that has always worked . Occasional meetings among the Presidents of the Council , the Assembly and the Economic and Social Council could facilitate communication , but they should be convened for a specific purpose .
 Paragraph 6 The Working Group was reminded that paragraph 6 of draft article 53 was slightly revised   following   the decision of the Working Group when it last considered the provision at its seventeenth session -LRB- see A/CN.9/594 , paras . After discussion on the interplay between paragraph 6 of draft article 53 and draft article 60 , as well as the entire chapter 12 , it was agreed to postpone discussion on paragraph 6 until draft article 60 and chapter 12 were examined -LRB- see paragraphs 122 to 124 below -RRB- .
 The authorities had their own intelligence/information-collection mechanisms with regard to the recruitment , training , hiring or financing of mercenaries , and the Government could take punitive actions against persons or private organizations accordingly . It listed the   following   functions as inherently governmental : -LRB- a -RRB- the national security of Bangladesh ; -LRB- b -RRB- the maintenance of law and order in the country ; -LRB- c -RRB- the protection of people and their property ; and -LRB- d -RRB- ensuring justice for the people . In a letter dated 5 July 2007 , the Government of Lebanon stated that mercenary activities were illegal and an offence of illegal association punishable by law .
 All its activities are therefore considered humanitarian for reporting purposes . UNDP financial data   follow   the ACC programme classification categories , and its work in crisis prevention and recovery has been reported in the past within the humanitarian context . Currently , UNDP considers this work to fall within the context of early recovery and development , and not within that of humanitarian assistance .
 As acknowledged by the Governor in early 2007 , unemployment posed a serious problem in American Samoa.4 , The largest trading partner of American Samoa is the United States ,   followed   by New Zealand , Australia and Fiji . Canned tuna accounts for almost 100 per cent of exports.2 Some 90 per cent of goods and products are imported , including food and petroleum products , machine parts , building materials , textiles and clothing .
 Resolution 20/8 : Sustainable development of Arctic cities As a first step in   following   up this resolution , the secretariat established working relations with UNEP/Grid Arendal to map out joint activities between the two programmes of relevance to sustainable development in the Arctic and the Far North , which led to a first contact with the Arctic Council to explore possible avenues for collaboration . Similarly , consultations were held with a wide range of stakeholders including local authorities located in the Far North , academic institutions with programmes dedicated to development issues in the Arctic and civil society organizations representing indigenous peoples in these areas .
 The observer for Myanmar made a statement , as a concerned country . During the ensuing interactive dialogue , at the same meeting , the   following   delegations made statements and put questions to Mr. Pinheiro : -LRB- b -RRB- Observers for the following States : Australia , New Zealand , Norway , Sweden and the United States of America .
 Also reaffirms the importance of disarmament , demobilization and reintegration programmes and encourages the United Nations Peacebuilding Commission to support efforts for the political stabilization and reconstruction of post-conflict countries ; Notes with satisfaction the revitalization of the work of the United Nations Standing Advisory Committee on Security Questions in Central Africa   following   the decision of the twenty-fourth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee , held at Kigali from 25 to 29 September 2006 ; Welcomes the adoption by the twenty-fifth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee , held at Sao Tome from 14 to 18 May 2007 , of the Sao Tome Initiative , which provides for the drafting of a legal instrument on the control of small arms and light weapons in Central Africa and of a code of conduct for defence and security forces in Central Africa , and encourages interested countries to provide their financial support for the development of these two projects ;
 This would result in a presentation of the programme of work in the same format as for the current biennium , i.e. , in sections organized according to the activities of the Secretariat as provided for in the Convention and in subsequent decisions of the Parties . The fields   follow   those in the programme budget for the biennium 2007-2008 adopted by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth meeting . For each section , relevant objectives , expected accomplishments , indicators of achievement , activities and outputs will be provided .
 Requests the Disarmament Commission to continue its work in accordance with its mandate , as set forth in paragraph 118 of the Final Document of the Tenth Special Session of the General Assembly , and with paragraph 3 of Assembly resolution 37/78 H of 9 December 1982 , and to that end to make every effort to achieve specific recommendations on the items on its agenda , taking into account the adopted Ways and means to enhance the functioning of the Disarmament Commission ; Recommends that the Disarmament Commission continue the consideration of the   following   items at its 2008 substantive session : -LRB- a -RRB- Recommendations for achieving the objective of nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation of nuclear weapons ;
 For this reason , Libya initiated its voluntary abandonment of all programmes related to WMDs and their means of delivery . Libya hopes that all nations that possess such weapons or related programmes will   follow   its exemplary behaviour . International cooperation , under the auspices of the United Nations , has achieved good results in the fight against terrorism .
 They are his sole responsibility and represent neither a negotiated position nor command consensus . A number of delegations expressed reservations on some of the issues contained in the Chairman 's papers and the methodology of work   followed   . At its 11th meeting , on 25 April , Working Group I considered and adopted by consensus its report on agenda item 4 .
 UNMIS continued to engage with international partners on planning for electoral assistance , tracking preparations for the census and monitoring the progress of the draft elections law .  Following   on lessons learned from the pilot census , a national grassroots advocacy and information campaign has been proposed to create greater awareness of the rationale for the census and attendant methodologies , particularly among internally displaced communities . The Government of National Unity undertook to release all outstanding funds for the conduct of the census by the end of October .
 It invited Parties and interested organizations to provide financial and technical support to such joint initiatives . Consistent with that mandate , and resources permitting , the UNCCD secretariat has attended meetings of the CPF and has   followed   its interaction with its members . The secretariat has also participated in the meetings of the United Nations Forum on Forests -LRB- UNFF -RRB- whose seventh session adopted a non-legally-binding instrument on all types of forests and also the forum 's multi-year programme of work .
 The task of discharging OTP evidentiary obligations and the imperative of sharing information in order to manage the cases well has become onerous and costly . It is therefore a deliberate strategy within the OTP to continually improve information management practices and maximize the use of appropriate technology tools to help us expedite trials while still   following   fair and due process. Some recent innovations are : Electronic Disclosure System
 - The restructuring of the armed forces in accordance with paragraph 17 of the decision of the African Union Peace and Security Council and paragraph 3 , article -LRB- f -RRB- , of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement . The present report is in compliance with paragraph 21 of Security Council resolution 1721 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- by which the Council requested the Economic Community of West African States -LRB- ECOWAS -RRB- and the African Union to continue to monitor and closely   follow   up implementation of the peace process , and called on them to review progress achieved , by 1 February 2007 . The Security Council also requested the two Institutions to present their assessment through the Secretary-General , and , if necessary , submit any new recommendations to the Council .
 The integrated financial resources framework provides an overview of UNFPA income for the 2008-2011 period , and provides a breakdown of regular resources for country programmes , global and regional programmes and the biennial support budget . The distribution of UNFPA regular resources for the 2008-2011 period   follows   the breakdown in the integrated financial resources framework . For implementing the integrated financial resources framework , UNFPA uses the resource allocation system and results-based budgeting .
 Noting that actions of the international community to combat the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and prevent access by non-State actors to weapons of mass destruction and related material , notably Security Council resolution 1540 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- of 28 April 2004 , constitute contributions to the protection against nuclear and radiological terrorism . Furthermore , a new paragraph has been inserted after the twelfth preambular paragraph ; this reads as   follows   : Mindful of the responsibilities of every Member State , in accordance with international obligations , to maintain effective nuclear safety and security , asserting that responsibility for nuclear security within a State rests entirely with that State , and noting the important contribution of international cooperation in supporting the efforts of States to fulfil their responsibilities .
 In 2006 , 39.5 per cent of female Liechtenstein students studied humanities and social sciences -LRB- 2003/04 : 43.3 per cent -RRB- , 18.8 per cent law -LRB- 2003/04 : 19.6 per cent -RRB- , 14.7 per cent economics and business -LRB- 2003/04 : 12 per cent -RRB- , and 12.4 per cent medicine -LRB- 2003/04 : 10.2 per cent -RRB- . Male tertiary students primarily studied economics and business -LRB- 28.3 per cent ; 2003/04 : 25.5 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by humanities and social sciences in second place -LRB- 21.7 per cent ; 2003/04 : 20.4 per cent -RRB- , law in third place -LRB- 19.8 per cent , 2003/04 : 18.2 per cent -RRB- , and exact and natural sciences in fourth place -LRB- 14.3 per cent ; 2003/04 : 17.1 per cent -RRB- . The measures taken by the Office of Equal Opportunity have so far not been assessed with respect to their effectiveness .
 What really lies at the heart of it is the confirmation of the commitment to the multilateral treaty system and to the purpose and object of the Convention . In this context , I have the honour , also on behalf of Ambassador Rapacki of the Republic of Poland , to inform all member States to the Conference on Disarmament that -   following   the request of the Director-General of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons - the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Poland and of the Kingdom of the Netherlands will jointly host a high-level meeting on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of the Chemical Weapons Convention . This high-level meeting will be held in the margins of the sixty-second session of the United Nations General Assembly and will take place on 27 September in New York .
 It is believed that stricter asylum policies across Europe in combination with fewer asylum applications being lodged are the main reasons for this decrease . Africa was the second largest region in terms of the number of asylum-seekers being recognized in 2006 -LRB- 53 , 800 -RRB- ,   followed   by Asia -LRB- 34 , 900 -RRB- , and North America -LRB- 32 , 500 -RRB- . The cumulative number of asylum claims not yet adjudicated -LRB- pending cases -RRB- , at both the first instance and on appeal , has decreased over the past few years , reaching an estimated 740 , 000 by the end of 2006 , the lowest level in at least a decade .
 Participants agreed to consider and elaborate on recommendations relating to other subthemes of the Nairobi work programme , including methods and tools , data and observation , climate modelling , scenarios and downscaling , adaptation planning and practices and research at subsequent workshops . The UNFCCC secretariat , under the guidance of the Chair of the SBSTA , will   follow   up on the identified gaps , needs and recommendations , taking into account the submissions from Parties and organizations , as well as questionnaires distributed to workshop participants . It will make the information gathered available in a user-friendly format so that Parties and organizations engaged under the Nairobi work programme can undertake their own activities to promote understanding of impacts of , and vulnerability to , climate change , current and future climate variability and extreme events , and the implications for sustainable development .
 A small number of additional statements will be made by guest speakers invited by the Secretary-General . Heads of State or Government and other Member State representatives will make statements in the course of the four parallel thematic plenaries , according to the list of speakers for each plenary that will be compiled   following   the registration process described in the note verbale of 2 August 2007 . In order to accommodate all speakers , statements should not exceed five minutes , on the understanding that that will not preclude the distribution of more extensive texts .
 The growing role of expert groups has taxed not only the Division 's resources , but also the capacity of its administrative partner , the Executive Office , to meet the groups ' administrative needs . For example , 71 per cent of expert-group survey respondents say administrative support has been of greatest importance to them during their most recent work ,   followed   by the orientation to their work -LRB- 24 per cent -RRB- and assistance in communicating with individuals and entities during their assignments -LRB- 24 per cent -RRB- . During the 2006 deliberations of the Security Council Informal Working Group on Documentation and Other Procedural Questions , proposals for a larger Division role were made but not agreed to by all 15 members .
 However , it is of the opinion that this aim is best served by a full respect for and implementation of the leading and overarching principles of juvenile justice as enshrined in CRC . A comprehensive policy for juvenile justice must deal with the   following   core elements : the prevention of juvenile delinquency ; interventions without resorting to judicial proceedings and interventions in the context of judicial proceedings ; the minimum age of criminal responsibility and the upper age-limits for juvenile justice ; the guarantees for a fair trial ; and deprivation of liberty including pretrial detention and post-trial incarceration . Prevention of juvenile delinquency
 In north-eastern Central African Republic , the Mission would establish a multidimensional presence in the town of Birao , to include a small civil affairs , military and police presence , as well as human rights , humanitarian liaison and mission support personnel . The Mission would be deployed in phases , with the first priority being the establishment of a viable regional office and forward headquarters in Abch , to be   followed   by the establishment of field offices in eastern Chad and , finally , the establishment of the liaison and field office in the Central African Republic . Component activities
 With the cooperation of all delegations and in line with past practice in this regard , I intend to move as efficiently as possible from one cluster to another . Nevertheless , in   following   that procedure , the Committee will retain a certain level of flexibility in all things . I intend to follow the precedents established by the Committee , especially last year , in the taking of decisions on all draft resolutions .
 For example , in Turkey , the Bank Regulation and Supervision Agency regulates financial institutions . This agency issued accounting standards that financial institutions under its supervision should   follow   . The case study of Pakistan provides an example where the regulatory agency for banks - the National Bank of Pakistan - prescribes formats for financial statements and other disclosures , which are not necessarily in conformity with IFRS .
 In 2006 , an estimated area of 15 , 300 hectares was eradicated in Afghanistan , a threefold increase from 5 , 000 hectares in 2005 . The largest areas of eradication were concentrated in Helmand and Kandahar in the south ,   followed   by Balkh in the north . In Myanmar , the second largest illicit opium producer in the world , the area under illicit opium poppy cultivation declined by a further 34 per cent , from 32 , 800 hectares in 2005 to 21 , 500 hectares in 2006 .
 The volume of global seizures of opiates was recorded as 309 tons in 2004 , rising to 344 tons in 2005 . Asia continued to account for the bulk of global opiate seizures ,   followed   by Europe . The volume of opiate seizures decreased in the Americas , where they constituted less than 2 per cent of total regional seizures .
 The bulk of morphine seizures continued to take place in the regions of the Near and Middle East and South-West Asia , but a changing trend was observed in the 2004-2005 period as morphine seizures increased significantly in East and South-East Asia . In 2004 , the largest volume of morphine seizures was reported by Pakistan -LRB- 21.2 tons -RRB- ,   followed   by the Islamic Republic of Iran -LRB- 12.8 tons -RRB- . In 2005 , subregional interdiction in the Near and Middle East and South-West Asia decreased from 34 to 29 tons ; this was reflected principally in substantially decreased interceptions reported by the Islamic Republic of Iran .
 The volume of global morphine and heroin seizures amounted to 99 tons in 2004 , a slight increase from 97 tons in 2003 and , according to the information available when the present report was being prepared , it totalled 107 tons in 2005 . The Asian region accounted for over half of the global heroin interceptions taking place in 2004 ,   followed   by Europe , principally in the subregion of South-Eastern Europe . When the present report was being prepared , 57 tons of heroin had been reported by Member States , with estimates for 2004-2005 to be finalized .
 Global seizures of coca-type substances and seizures in North and South America , 1994-2005 In 2005 , the largest volume of seizures of cocaine was reported by Colombia -LRB- rising from 187 tons in 2004 to 214.5 tons in 2005 -RRB- ,   followed   by the United States -LRB- 175 tons -RRB- , Spain -LRB- 48 tons -RRB- , Ecuador -LRB- 43 tons -RRB- and Mexico -LRB- 30 tons -RRB- . Cocaine seizures increased across the subregion of South America , with significant increases reported by Costa Rica , where seizures doubled from the previous year , and Panama .
 The figures reflect the decrease of seizure-reporting in Europe ; nevertheless the bulk of ecstasy interdiction continued to be in Western and Central Europe -LRB- 1.9 tons -RRB- in 2005 . The second most affected region was Oceania -LRB- 1.4 tons -RRB- ,   followed   by North America -LRB- 1 ton -RRB- . Global seizures of ecstasy and seizures in Western and Central Europe and Oceania , 1995-2005
 The largest seizures in 2004 were reported by the Russian Federation -LRB- 1.2 tons -RRB- , followed by the United States -LRB- 354 kilograms -RRB- , Japan -LRB- 311 kilograms -RRB- and Mexico -LRB- 105 kilograms -RRB- . In 2005 , the largest seizures were reported by Mexico -LRB- 110 kilograms -RRB-   followed   by the United States -LRB- 30 kilograms -RRB- and Slovakia . Khat is not under international control , but is subject to national control in some countries .
 Global seizures increased from 69 tons in 2003 to 97 tons in 2004 and stabilized at 95.6 tons in 2005 . The largest volume of khat was reported by the United States -LRB- 37 tons -RRB- ,   followed   by Canada -LRB- 17.4 tons -RRB- and Germany -LRB- 14.3 tons -RRB- . Conclusion and recommendations
 Eighty-two per cent felt that poverty had increased in the course of the year - 14 per cent more than in 2002 . The main reason quoted was over-indebtedness -LRB- 79 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by shortage of work -LRB- 57 per cent -RRB- . The number and profile of those receiving minimum social benefits
 The Framework Act , which laid down general guidelines , was subsequently clarified and supplemented by several laws and regulations . A National Monitoring Centre on Poverty and Exclusion -LRB- ONPES -RRB- was established in 1999 in order to   follow   up and assess the implementation of the Framework Act on Measures to Combat Exclusion . The ONPES provides regular analyses of the causes of poverty and exclusion .
 E. Other issues In addition to the issues included above , the Working Group may wish to consider the   following   questions that have not yet been discussed : -LRB- a -RRB- The application of recommendations 69-86 of the Legislative Guide , which address the treatment of contracts , in the case of insolvency of two or more members of a corporate group , particularly where those contracts were entered into between group members ;
 The report of the meeting up until the end of the day on Thursday will be approved with any amendments that are agreed by the Conference at its plenary sessions on Friday . Consistent with the practice   followed   at the previous meetings of the Conference of the Parties of the Stockholm Convention and at meetings of the conferences of parties to other multilateral environmental agreements , the Parties may agree that the section of the report pertaining to the results of the Friday plenary sessions will be prepared by the rapporteur , in cooperation with the Secretariat , and incorporated in the meeting report under the authority of the president . UNEP/OzL.Pro.11/Bur.1/
 In addition , in the case of many developing countries , especially those situated in the lower income brackets , the landlocked developing countries and small island developing States , the pattern of trade is characterized by a narrow export base -LRB- reflecting limited diversification -RRB- and low technological content . In the case of the least developed countries , the most important export product is fuel -LRB- 36 per cent of the total -RRB- ,   followed   by clothing -LRB- 19 per cent -RRB- and agricultural products -LRB- 17 per cent -RRB- . As a result , the performance of these economies is vulnerable to external shocks such as variations in the terms of trade or natural phenomena .
 Following a period of stalemate in trade negotiations , member countries of the World Trade Organization fully resumed negotiations at the beginning of 2007 . The targets are to achieve consensus on the application of full modalities in agriculture and non-agricultural market access and a similar level of progress in all other negotiating areas   following   the Doha declarations and the two following ministerial conferences . Most of the sensitive subjects include the elimination of subsidies , the opening up of agricultural markets , and improvement of the offers made regarding industrial products .
 These metabolites can be further mineralised aerobically or anaerobically -LRB- Bachmann et al. , 1988 ; Phillips et al. , 2005 -RRB- . In pure cultures as well as in flooded soil gamma-HCH is the most easily dechlorinated isomer   followed   by alpha-HCH under anaerobic conditions -LRB- Jagnow et al. , 1977 ; MacRae et al. , 1967 -RRB- . Under aerobic conditions alpha-HCH was dehydrochlorinated to pentachlorocyclohexane in soil slurries .
 Such rules provide , for example , that the bank has no obligation to respond to requests for information about whether a control agreement exists or whether the account holder retains the right to dispose of funds credited to its bank account -LRB- see A/CN.9/631 , recommendation 123 , subpara. -LRB- b -RRB- -RRB- . In legal systems in which the security right in a bank account is made effective against third parties by registration of a notice in a public registry or by acknowledgment on the part of the depositary bank , the notice or acknowledgement may or may not impose duties on the depositary bank to   follow   instructions from the secured creditor as to the funds in the account . If such duties are not imposed on the depositary bank under the applicable laws of a particular State , the secured creditor 's right to obtain the funds in the bank account upon enforcement of the security right would usually depend upon whether the customer-grantor has instructed the depositary bank to follow the secured creditor 's instructions as to the funds or the depositary bank has agreed with the secured creditor to do so .
 The overall fertility rate per woman -LRB- age 15-44 -RRB- fell to 2.6 children in 2005 . The Bahraini and non-Bahraini populations grew by 2.5 % and 3.1 % respectively according to the 2001 statistics , as shown in the   following   table . Source : Central Information Agency .
 Source : Ministry of Information Women are portrayed in stereotyped roles in the media , especially in non-domestic programmes and series ,   followed   by domestically-produced series. Such programmes and series entrench stereotyped roles of women in one way or another . Foreign satellite stations , which attract a large percentage of young Bahrainis , also air many programmes , series , and films that present women in stereotyped roles .
 Reaffirms the importance of disarmament , demobilization and reintegration programmes , and encourages the United Nations Peacebuilding Commission to support efforts for the political stabilization and reconstruction of post-conflict countries ; Notes with satisfaction the revitalization of the work of the United Nations Standing Advisory Committee on Security Questions in Central Africa   following   the decision of the twenty-fourth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee , held at Kigali from 25 to 29 September 2006 ; Welcomes the adoption by the twenty-fifth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee , held at Sao Tome from 14 to 18 May 2007 , of the Sao Tome Initiative , which provides for the drafting of a legal instrument on the control of small arms and light weapons in Central Africa and of a code of conduct for defence and security forces in Central Africa , and encourages interested countries to provide their financial support for the development of these two projects ;
 Introducing RBB in the Secretariat has not substantially changed the way in which the budget is prepared , it has only added a new part to the process - the results framework . Proposals for resources continue to be made   following   the old style , and with no clear link to expected accomplishments . The budget and planning process be explicitly linked to the results of performance , work planning and the assessment of managerial performance in order to ensure the effective stewardship of resources provided by Member States.
 A memorandum was issued by the Minister of Defense stating that the recruitment of children below the age of 18 was prohibited and non-compliance with that directive would be sanctioned by the Chadian National Army . It should be noted that the cohesion of the Chadian National Army chain of command and the level of discipline of troops is questionable and it casts into doubt the degree to which policy-level commitments and directives are translated into action by individual field commanders and their orders   followed   . This is of particular relevance , as United Nations sources confirm in one instance that in Goz Beida Dar Sila department , 50 children around 12 years of age were identified as being associated with the Chadian National Army .
 Despite this , there remain a number of gaps in international controls of the arms trade and variability in implementation of these various agreements . Zambia believes that given the international nature of the arms trade , there is need for an international , comprehensive and transparent framework for all States to   follow   . This will ensure that States adhere to the highest standard of conduct , including adhering to international human rights and international humanitarian law standards .
 Item 2 Presentation of reports Note : the   following   list is an example and non-exhaustive Annual report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights ; updates of the report Reports of the Secretary-General
 At the same meeting , Mr. Louis Joinet , independent expert appointed by the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Haiti , made a statement . During the ensuing discussion , the   following   made statements : -LRB- d -RRB- Observers for non-governmental organizations : International Commission of Jurists and International Federation of Human Rights Leagues .
 Companies employing women returning to the labour market after caring for a child are eligible for contribution relief . The amount of the contribution relief in the case of first employment   following   the termination of the receipt of childcare fee -LRB- GYED -RRB- , childcare allowance -LRB- GYES -RRB- , child-raising support -LRB- GYET -RRB- , or nursing fee is maximum 50 per cent of nine months ' worth of social security contributions payable after the wage of the person concerned , maximized at a monthly gross wage of HUF 90 , 000 . A condition for the support is that the person concerned should be employed full-time for a minimum period of nine months , or part-time for a minimum of four hours per day , and the employer shall undertake the obligation to continue employment for a minimum of three months .
 We have our National Development Plan , which is a dynamic tool for public harmonization of our system for planning , budgeting and evaluation . The plan has 12 human development objectives , through which we hope to   follow   the paradigm of well-being . In order to achieve all this , we advocate a sound , balanced policy , beginning with the National Development Plan , with its strategies , mechanisms and indicators subject to examination by civil society .
 The United Nations will begin pre-positioning strategic deployment stocks immediately following the authorization of the operation in the Security Council .  Following   the usual priority for deployment , the positioning of strategic deployment stocks is followed by the emplacement of crucial engineering equipment so that the construction of new camps and the expansion of existing campsites can commence . Construction priority will be given to the headquarters and logistics base locations .
 Mobilizing civic engagement among these groups is a basic foundation for strengthening their voice in the policymaking process . In its work on electoral systems and processes , UNDP collaborates closely with the Electoral Administration Division of the United Nations Department of Political Affairs ,   following   a division of labour agreed by the United Nations General Assembly . Strengthening accountable and responsive governing institutions
 I also wish , as President of the Conference on Disarmament , to thank the Women 's International League for Peace and Freedom for its ongoing effort in the area of disarmament and its assistance to the international community in coming up with new ideas , new objectives and new debates on this important issue . I have the   following   speakers on my list for today 's plenary meeting : Ukraine , Ambassador Bersheda , who will be speaking on FMCT ; Cuba , Ambassador Juan Antonio Fernndez Palacios , who will speak on nuclear disarmament ; Colombia , Ambassador Clemencia Forero , who will speak on the treaty for the cessation of production of fissile material ; Switzerland , Ambassador Streuli , who will be making a general statement ; Peru , Mr. Belevn , who will be speaking about nuclear disarmament . So I begin with the Ambassador of Ukraine .
 Addendum Pursuant to rule 11 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council , the Secretary-General is submitting the   following   summary statement . The list of items of which the Security Council is seized is contained in documents S/2007/10 of 9 February 2007 , S/2007/10/Add.7 of 2 March 2007 , S/2007/10/Add.12 of 5 April 2007 and S/2007/10/Add.15 of 27 April 2007 .
 OIOS recommended that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations refer the case to the national authorities of the concerned troop-contributing country for criminal action against the military contingent . The Department   followed   up on the case with the relevant permanent mission to the United Nations on several occasions ; however , to date , an adequate response , consistent with the evidence of the case , has not been received . In MONUC -LRB- 0635/05 -RRB- , OIOS substantiated allegations that a military contingent member had sexually abused an under-age girl , which resulted in the birth of a child .
 Now , such opportunities were more rare , and most scholarships were based solely on academic merit . With respect to gender stereotypes in textbooks and school curricula , the educational system in the Cook Islands was closely linked to that of New Zealand and the Cook Islands was   following   New Zealand 's policy of eliminating such stereotypes from its schools , although it was adapting the policy to suit its particular needs . Ms. Patten , referring to article 11 of the Convention , enquired whether the new Labour Bill established a mechanism for its implementation , including a complaints procedure , and whether it also called for the creation of a labour inspectorate .
 At the second election of the Commission in 2001 , the Council decided that , for future elections to the Commission , in order to allow members of the Council adequate time to review the candidacies , nominations and curricula vitae of candidates for election should be submitted to the Secretary-General of the Authority not later than two months prior to the opening of the session at which the election is to take place . A similar process was   followed   for the election in 2006 . On that occasion , the information note of the Secretary-General on matters before the twelfth session of the Authority , dated 5 May 2006 , requested members of the Authority to submit the names and curricula vitae of candidates for election to the Commission by 9 June 2006 -LRB- two months prior to the session -RRB- .
 Furthermore , during 2006 , the Colombian Supreme Court opened an investigation against nine members of the Congress accused of grave violations of human rights , links with paramilitaries and corruption . The office in Colombia of OHCHR has   followed   the above developments . At the same time , the Attorney General 's Office continued to investigate members of the security forces , particularly the army , accused of committing extrajudicial executions .
 At the same time , the Attorney General 's Office continued to investigate members of the security forces , particularly the army , accused of committing extrajudicial executions . OHCHR Colombia has   followed   developments in these cases . On 18 May 2006 , the Constitutional Court decided that some major aspects of Law 975/05 , known as the Justice and Peace Law , should be modified .
 Tomorrow 's governance  democratic governance  should involve decision makers at all levels . A credible reform plan must not be the plan of a past generation : international governance of the environment should   follow   the pattern of the democratic spirit that underlies the mission of the General Assembly . -LRB- spoke in English -RRB-
 Comments submitted by the European Community and its member States to the secretariat of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law The European Community and its member States   follow   with attention the progress made by the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law -LRB- UNCITRAL -RRB- , and in particular its Working Group VI -LRB- Security Interests -RRB- , in developing a legislative guide on secured transactions . The European Community and its member States believe that the future guide could be an important step towards creating a global standard for the development of modern secured transaction laws and may contribute to the availability of low-cost secured credit .
 The Meeting expressed deep concern over the growing tendency towards Islamophobia and called on the international community for concrete measures and efforts to enhance dialogue and broaden understanding among civilizations , cultures and religions by promoting tolerance , respect for and freedom of religion and belief . In this regard , the Meeting welcomed the successful Thematic session on Islamophobia held at the 34th ICFM in Islamabad and reiterated its support in strengthening the Observatory of the General Secretariat of the OIC to combat Islamophobia and urged the Member States to fulfill their obligation to the Observatory by   following   the recommendations of the Thematic session . The Meeting expressed its support to the Alliance of Civilizations initiative which is co-sponsored by Turkey and Spain under the aegis of the UN Secretary-General , aiming at facilitating harmony and dialogue by emphasizing the common values of different cultures and religions and urges all members of the international community to support the initiative .
 Technologies for adaptation at regional , national and local levels Figure 5 illustrates the geographical scope , when provided , of technologies for adaptation reported by Parties and organizations in their submissions , as categorized as regional , national and local . Most of these technologies are national in scope -LRB- 37 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by local technologies then regional technologies . However , it should be noted that only half of the Parties and organizations provided information on the geographical scope of technologies .
 Concerns relating to successful development and deployment of technology for adaptation The categories of concerns and barriers identified most frequently are lack of financial resources -LRB- 30 per cent of concerns reported -RRB- ,   followed   by lack of information and awareness -LRB- 26 per cent -RRB- and technical limitations -LRB- 16 per cent -RRB- . Lack of adequate policies and regulations and of human and institutional capacity were seen as less important barriers -LRB- see figure 6 -RRB- .
 The Commission can already now draw on the lessons learned from the experience of the ad hoc advisory groups in the area of resource mobilization , as well as other lessons that have been enumerated in reports of the Secretary-General on the assessment of the work of the ad hoc advisory groups . In the spirit of sharing , the Economic and Social Council would also be interested in the results of the lessons learned that the Commission will be compiling as a way of helping the Council to consider and   follow   up on the Commission 's recommendations . Those lessons learned could also be disseminated through the Economic and Social Council 's subsidiary machinery and the networks of non-governmental organizations , in consultative status with the Council , to a wider audience .
 It also instils a sense of accountability in investigators and their supervisors . Thus , the combination of transparency , predictability and accountability , further serves to protect individuals , since investigators are more compelled to   follow   the procedures and rules as set out in a widely accessible manual . The process to review and update the manual is currently under way .
 Guidance materials developed by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Department of Field Support have been standardized into four types of documents : policy directives , standard operating procedures , guidelines and manuals . The templates and drafting guides for these materials   follow   the templates of the International Organization for Standardization . High-level and cross-cutting guidance is reviewed by the Expanded Senior Management Team and approved by the Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations .
 The GNWT developed a response to the Action Plan in 2004 . This plan contains 72 actions in the   following   eight categories : policy and legislation , working together , capacity building , training , prevention , education and awareness , services and monitoring , evaluation and accountability . Each action was intended to build partnerships and improve the Government 's response to families affected by family violence in the NWT .
 Despite the management on slender budget , JCLU has established cooperation with other international NGOs . The executive board members evaluate the financial stability of JCLU , and conclude that JCLU has a solid financial basis and that the JCLU 's activities have contributed to enhancing the human rights   following   the United Nations Charter and the guidelines of the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations -LRB- ECOSOC -RRB- . Part II. Contribution of the organization to the work of the United Nations
 Under the same overall governance structure as the Nepal Peace Trust Fund , which is overseen by a government steering committee with United Nations and donor participation , the United Nations fund will enhance the United Nations and donor coordination efforts under the leadership of UNMIN . The United Nations fund will enable support in five main priority clusters , as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- cantonments and reintegration ; -LRB- b -RRB- elections and governance ; -LRB- c -RRB- quick impact -LRB- for vulnerable communities -RRB- ; -LRB- d -RRB- security sector ; and -LRB- e -RRB- rights and reconciliation . It is envisaged that the United Nations fund will be phased out two years from the date of its establishment , and in that period it will have the capacity to facilitate rapid support from the agencies of the United Nations system for the peace process .
 Recalls its request in its resolution 59/288 to review without delay options to better safeguard the independence of the Headquarters Committee on Contracts , and encourages the Secretary-General to develop further measures to mitigate higher exposure to financial risk ; Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that , on matters relating to procurement in the field , the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Department of Field Support   follow   the principles of objectivity and impartiality in advising the Procurement Division . 109th plenary meeting 20 June 2008
 The attack took place in the area known as the Manara Corniche in central Beirut , which generally sees heavy vehicle traffic at the time the attack took place . On 14 June 2007 ,   following   a request from the Lebanese Prime Minister to the Secretary-General of the United Nations , the Commission was mandated to provide technical assistance to the Lebanese authorities in their investigation into this attack . A team from the Commission visited the crime scene on 15 June 2007 , accompanied by six international forensic experts .
 The Council elected the following eight members for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2008 : Simeon Adewale Adekanye -LRB- Nigeria -RRB- , Carlos Mamani Condori -LRB- Bolivia -RRB- , Paimaneh Hasteh -LRB- Islamic Republic of Iran -RRB- , Liliane Muzangi Mbella -LRB- Democratic Republic of the Congo -RRB- , A. A. Nikiforov -LRB- Russian Federation -RRB- , Xiaomei Qin -LRB- China -RRB- , Bartolom Clavero Salvador -LRB- Spain -RRB- and Carsten Smith -LRB- Norway -RRB- . Pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 2000/22 of 28 July 2000 , the President of the Council appointed the   following   eight members for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2008 : Lars-Anders Baer -LRB- Sweden -RRB- , Hassan Id Balkassm -LRB- Morocco -RRB- , Elisa Canqui Mollo -LRB- Bolivia -RRB- , Michael Dodson -LRB- Australia -RRB- , Tonya Gonnella Frichner -LRB- United States of America -RRB- , Margaret Lokawua -LRB- Uganda -RRB- , Pavel Sulyandziga -LRB- Russian Federation -RRB- and Victoria Tauli-Corpuz -LRB- Philippines -RRB- . Executive Board of the United Nations Children 's Fund
 Figure 7 below illustrates the breakdown of the distribution of participants in the financial disclosure programme for the 2006 filing period by organizational grouping : the Secretariat -LRB- including United Nations departments/offices and entities which are listed in Secretary-General 's bulletin SG/SGB/1997/5 and whose budget is covered from the United Nations regular budget -RRB- ; peacekeeping operations ; and United Nations bodies/agencies and others . It is noteworthy that the largest group of those required to file financial disclosure statements are from peacekeeping operations -LRB- 43 per cent -RRB-   followed   by the Secretariat staff -LRB- 39 per cent -RRB- . It is also worth mentioning that 77 per cent of the total filing staff are located in duty stations outside Headquarters .
 One speaker , referring to the closure of nine information centres in Western Europe and the creation of the Regional Information Centre in Brussels , remarked that a number of countries often spoke of the Department 's regionalization strategy , which had brought about the reorganization of the network of United Nations information centres . The same group of countries often talked of the Regional Centre in Brussels as a good model to   follow   and encouraged others to adopt that model . He argued that the subsequent flow of resources and the assignment of new responsibilities to various regional hubs did not constitute steps towards regionalization .
 A number of speakers commented on the Department 's information programme on the question of Palestine . One speaker congratulated the Department for its activities in that regard and encouraged it to continue to actively   follow   the situation , to offer its cooperation and support to Palestinian civil society organizations and to marshal even more solidarity and support from the international community for the Palestinian people , with the overall goal of promoting the exercise of their inalienable rights and the peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine . Another speaker noted that the United Nations visitors ' tours did not sufficiently address the question of Palestine and hoped that the Department would consider making the question of Palestine a bigger part of the tours .
 Requests the Secretary-General to provide the International Law Seminar with adequate services , including interpretation , as required , and encourages him to continue considering ways to improve the structure and content of the Seminar ; Also requests the Secretary-General to forward to the International Law Commission , for its attention , the records of the debate on the report of the Commission at the sixty-second session of the General Assembly , together with such written statements as delegations may circulate in conjunction with their oral statements , and to prepare and distribute a topical summary of the debate ,   following   established practice ; Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States , as soon as possible after the conclusion of the session of the International Law Commission , chapter II of its report containing a summary of the work of that session , chapter III containing the specific issues on which the views of Governments would be of particular interest to the Commission and the draft articles adopted on either first or second reading by the Commission ;
 Ministers , mayors , academics , community-based organizations , federations of non-governmental organizations and the private sector shared their insights and experiences on what would improve the quality of life in the world 's growing cities . The inclusive approach adopted at the Forum itself constitutes a model for cities to   follow   . Some are already using this approach , while others would benefit from doing so .
 Would be in line with the needs expressed by the countries through NCSAs and NAPs. It would not duplicate , but would complete , other existing fellowship programmes , taking into account the specific needs expressed by the Parties for efficient means to combat desertification ; It would closely   follow   the discussion and the report requirements concerning transparency , accountability , integrity , standardized procedures and definitions as issued by UN-DESA and further outlined in the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- Vienna report Meeting of Senior Fellowship Officers of the United Nations System and Host Country Agencies -LRB- November 2002 -RRB-  . Conclusions and recommendations
 Thirdly , it should provide scrutiny and honest assessments of progress and problems . Fourthly , it should , through frank dialogue with the Government concerned , provide recommendations for action to be   followed   up by the Security Council , international financial institutions , United Nations agencies and other partners . Fifthly , it should ensure follow-up to those recommendations through regular progress reviews .
 Outputs 17A.83 During the biennium 2008-2009 , the   following   final outputs will be delivered : -LRB- a -RRB- Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies -LRB- regular budget -RRB- :
 The main concerns raised by the private legal entities in these letters are : That the Board has failed to   follow   the review procedures of the CDM modalities and procedures -LRB- see decision 3/CMP.1 -RRB- ; That the Board has violated principles of due process ; That there is a lack of transparency of the CDM modalities and procedures , and their interpretation by the Board ; That there is inconsistency in the decisions concerning similar project activities by the Board . The Executive Secretary forwarded each letter to the Executive Board for its consideration , together with an analysis of the issues raised and a recommendation on how the Chair and/or the Board should proceed .
 Hydrothermal vents are known to occur along all active mid-ocean ridges and back-arc spreading centres . Approximately one third of the known hydrothermal vents are estimated to be located beyond areas of national jurisdiction , a majority of which are found in the Pacific Ocean ,   followed   by the Atlantic Ocean . Cold seeps occur along active and passive continental margins .
 Stresses that matters related to conference management , including documentation , fall within the purview of the Fifth Committee ; Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General to ensure that the rules concerning the simultaneous distribution of documents in all official languages are   followed   with respect to both the distribution of printed copies and the posting of parliamentary documentation on the Official Document System and the United Nations website , in keeping with section III , paragraph 5 , of its resolution 55/222 ; Reaffirms its decision in section III , paragraph 9 , of its resolution 59/265 that the issuance of documents on planning , budgetary and administrative matters requiring urgent consideration by the General Assembly shall be accorded priority ;
 A representative of one Party made a statement . At the 1st meeting ,   following   the proposal of the Chair , the SBSTA adopted the agenda as contained in document FCCC/SBSTA/2006/6 , with sub-item 10 -LRB- a -RRB- held in abeyance . At the request of the President of the Conference of the Parties -LRB- COP -RRB- , and together with the Chair of the Subsidiary Body for Implementation -LRB- SBI -RRB- , the Chair undertook consultations on the sub-item held in abeyance and related items of the provisional agendas of the COP and SBI .
 The Special Committee also took into account the relevant resolutions and decisions of the Human Rights Council at its first to the fifth sessions . During the year , having regard to the relevant provisions of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the Special Committee continued to   follow   the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination . Specialized agencies and international institutions associated with the United Nations
 Intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the African Union , the Caribbean Community and the Pacific Islands Forum on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of these regional intergovernmental organizations . The Special Committee continued to follow closely the work of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries regarding the issue of decolonization .
 Later this year , in an important act of self-determination , Tokelau will hold a second referendum on the option of self-government in free association with New Zealand . The path   followed   by this small Pacific Territory in close cooperation with the administering Power is an example of what can be achieved when there is constructive political will . The close cooperation extended to the Committee by both parties stands out as exemplary .
 The Supreme Court of India in a very important decision took notice of the absence of rules or regulations guiding inter-country adoption of children , which had resulted in many cases of child abuse and traffic in children . The Court framed rules and guidelines to be   followed   in cases of inter-country adoption till an agency or an administrative body replaces it . In pursuance of that a Central Adoption Resource agency -LRB- CARA -RRB- was set up in the year 1990 as an autonomous agency to recognize adoptive agencies for facilitating in-country and inter county adoption to provide best environment for the development of children who are orphans or whose biological parents are not available or not in a position to care for them by finding adoptive or foster care homes .
 With the exception of Oceania , which has a low reporting rate , the majority of the subregions reported the existence of laws pertaining to precursor control . The subregion with the highest proportion of precursor control laws was North America ,   followed   by Western and Central Europe , and East and South-East Asia . A continuous increase in the number of States reporting the existence of precursor control laws was observed over the four reporting periods in the subregion of South-Eastern Europe .
 Of the States that did not respond in the third reporting period , 28 had reported by the fourth reporting period , when 9 specifically reported on implementing codes of conduct . These States were mainly found in the subregions of Western and Central Europe ,   followed   by Central , South and South-West Asia . Given the large number of States reporting the existence of code of conduct initiatives in the four reporting periods , it is clear that the number of States adopting this practice is increasing .
 Of the 26 States that reported not having investigative procedures in the third reporting period , 3 reported the existence of such procedures in the fourth reporting period . The States that reported having established such procedures were found primarily in the subregions of Central , South and South-West Asia ,   followed   by Sub-Saharan Africa , Western and Central Europe , and South-Eastern Europe . In the third reporting period , of the 61 States that reported having procedures to investigate the diversion of chemicals , 55 also reported having procedures to investigate clandestine laboratories .
 When asked whether there had been seizures of precursors as a result of cooperation with other Governments , an average of one quarter of the responding States reported that they had some form of cooperation -LRB- see table 8 -RRB- . The majority of States that reported the existence of international cooperation mechanisms in the third reporting period were concentrated in the subregions of Western and Central Europe ,   followed   by Latin America and the Caribbean , and Eastern and South-Eastern Europe . In the fourth reporting period , they were concentrated in Western and Central Europe , Latin America and the Caribbean , and East and South-East Asia .
 Progress in precursor control at the global level : percentage of States reporting implementation of controls on precursor chemicals since 1998 At the subregional level , North America had the highest index ,   followed   by Western and Central Europe and East and South-East Asia . The subregions with the lowest ranges were Sub-Saharan Africa and Oceania -LRB- see figures II to V -RRB- .
 United Nations electoral assistance is often provided , moreover , in complex political environments . In the case of Mauritania ,   following   the advice of the United Nations , the national authorities put specific measures in place that contributed to the credibility of a constitutional referendum and parliamentary and local elections in 2006 , and presidential elections in 2007 . As countries enter the post-conflict phase , the focus of United Nations assistance often shifts to consolidating the experience gained by newly created electoral institutions .
 With regard to human rights , the Secretary-General informed the Security Council that during the period under review , demonstrations by Saharans calling for respect for human rights and the right to self-determination had been reported to have continued in the Territory . The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights -LRB- OHCHR -RRB- had continued to   follow   the human rights situation in Western Sahara and the Tindouf camps and remained committed to ensuring that the rights of the people of Western Sahara were fully protected . Concluding the report , the Secretary-General reiterated his recommendation that the Security Council call upon the parties , Morocco and the Frente Polisario , to enter into negotiations without preconditions , with a view to achieving a just , lasting and mutually acceptable political solution that would provide for the self-determination of the people of Western Sahara .
 The first group of draft guidelines included in the eleventh report -LRB- 2.6.3 to 2.6.6 -RRB- concerned the freedom to make objections to reservations . The Special Rapporteur recalled that it was merely a freedom , given that the Commission had not made it conditional on the incompatibility of a reservation with the object and purpose of the treaty , and that the Vienna Conference had   followed   the Commission in that regard despite the doubts of some delegations . That approach was in keeping with the spirit of consensus pervading all of treaty law , in the sense that a State could not unilaterally impose on other contracting parties the modification of a treaty binding them by means of a reservation .
 Likewise , the serious procedural flaws referred to by the source and not contested by the Government confer an unfair character to the proceedings against her . These procedural flaws can be summarized as   follows   : intimidation of witnesses in favour of the person charged , the recording of her guilt when in fact she pleaded not guilty , the substitution of the judge during trial , and the lack of information of the charges against her in due time . In the light of the foregoing , the Working Group renders the following Opinion :
 In addition , it had been agreed that an Ad Hoc Committee on the Administration of Justice at the United Nations should be established in order to continue the next stage of the work on the topic . Again   following   the practice of the previous year , the Sixth Committee would be recommending that the General Assembly adopt a decision to that effect -LRB- A/C.6/62/L.22 -RRB- . A document containing conclusions reached by the Sixth Committee would be annexed to the letter to be transmitted to the Fifth Committee .
 A. Asia-Pacific and the Middle East The Working Group has continued to   follow   the situation in Bougainville , Papua New Guinea , and reports of alleged Fijian mercenaries operating on this autonomous island -LRB- A/61/341 , para . The most recent information received by the Working Group is the emergence of a new group , calling itself Bougainville Freedom Fighters formed to engage with allegedly contracted mercenaries , and that a number of the alleged mercenaries were reported to have been wounded in an outbreak of violence in late November 2006 .
 The Working Group notes with appreciation the positive response from the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum -LRB- PIF -RRB- to consult on issues related to the situation , and it is envisioned that this invitation to consult be taken up in 2007 . The Working Group has   followed   the developments in Iraq , and notes that the extensive use of PMSCs could lead to the privatization of the conflict . With an estimated 48 , 000 employees undertaking functions for the coalition forces in 2006 , these PMSCs have collectively converted into the de facto second largest coalition force in Iraq ; after the United States army -LRB- which in early December 2006 had 130 , 000 soldiers deployed -RRB- but more than the British army -LRB- approximately 7 , 200 soldiers -RRB- .
 The evidence adduced revealed a manipulation of the telecommunications system which had caused a financial loss to the Organization of at least 202 , 000 Swiss francs .  Following   an OIOS recommendation , the case was referred to Swiss authorities for criminal investigation and the United Nations Office at Geneva has joined the procedure as a civil party in order to claim damages . The procedure is still under way .
 Until such time as a decision regarding the eventual transition to a successor agency is agreed upon , the United Nations Compensation Fund remains under the continuing oversight of the Commission 's Governing Council , supported by a residual secretariat in Geneva . The Commission will still be responsible for a number of matters including continuing to make award payments ,   following   up on awards already made and monitoring payment of awards made for environmental damages . A limited number of claims with large award values will continue to be active for the receipt of future payments , with a scheduled full payment by 2025 .
 It should take all necessary steps to facilitate victims ' access to justice and reparation , including through the establishment of criminal responsibilities and the creation of a fund to assist victims in bringing their claims . The Committee urges the State party to establish clear and compulsory criteria for the informed consent of women prior to sterilization and ensure that criteria and procedures to be   followed   are well known to practitioners and the public . The Committee is concerned that , despite the adoption of the new Employment Act of 2004 and programmes undertaken by the State party , unemployment among Roma continues to be particularly high and that Roma face persistent discrimination in recruitment -LRB- arts. 2 and 5 -LRB- e -RRB- -LRB- i -RRB- -RRB- .
 That decision was unanimous . I would like to state the   following   in reply to what was referred to by the representative of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea in order to make our stance and position clear . All the allegations made by the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea distort the facts of events .
 Cross-cutting issues GRULAC considers the   following   cross-cutting issues as imperative to ensure the effectiveness of any actions related to the reduction of risks posed by mercury : 1. provision of adequate new and additional financial resources .
 The international community must show a renewed commitment to finishing the decolonization process . To that end , all administering Powers should   follow   the example set by New Zealand ; it had cooperated most constructively with the Organization on the question of Tokelau . Until decolonization issues were entirely resolved , all Member States and United Nations bodies and agencies should continue to pursue an innovative and proactive approach adapted to each Territory .
 We do not see the Council dealing with those issues with different criteria . In our view , the Council is required to   follow   the same approach towards countries that do not comply with their obligations under the NPT , as well as towards those that do not respect it in the first place . That is why we introduced a clear and direct proposal regarding the draft resolution on the establishment in the Middle East of a zone free of nuclear weapons and their means of delivery .
 To that end , you recommended the deployment of a multidimensional presence in eastern Chad and north-eastern Central African Republic , aimed at improving the security of refugee and displaced populations , facilitating the delivery of humanitarian assistance and creating the conditions for reconstruction and development efforts in these areas . The European Union has taken note of the Security Council 's readiness , as expressed in its presidential statement of 27 August -LRB- S/PRST/2007/30 -RRB- , to   follow   your recommendation and authorize the establishment of this presence . I note that the members of the Council requested , in the same declaration , that you keep them closely informed with regard to preparations for this operation .
 UNHCR works closely with partners to implement health programmes in a range of challenging settings . In most camps , malaria is the main cause of illness and death ,   followed   by acute respiratory infections and diarrhoea . In the camps in East Africa and the Horn of Africa , the three diseases cause between 60 and 70 per cent of the deaths of children under the age of five .
 At one level , firm action is required against drug lords and their mercenaries , as well as those who process the raw material . But having taken such action , the effort must be to rapidly   follow   up by providing alternative sources of employment to farmers and other unwitting victims of the drug industry . In such circumstances , it is difficult to ensure a fully even-handed approach .
 Accurate figures for funds allocated under the budgets of the various States are hard to come by . For example , China allocated 13 billion US dollars over ten years to sustainable soil management   following   a study estimating the economic losses due to land degradation at 10 billion US dollars a year in direct costs and some 30 billion in indirect costs . Burkina Faso set aside 170 million US dollars for sustainable soil management under its Strategic Poverty Reduction Programme and its National Action Programme -LRB- NAP -RRB- .
 -LRB- b -RRB- The Programme for Agricultural Day Labourers : the aim of this programme is to improve the living and working conditions of the men and women who make up the agricultural day labourer population , based on comprehensive and timely care through community development , institutional coordination among the three levels of government and agreements among producers , social organizations and the beneficiaries themselves ; the Mexican submission also highlighted the details and aims of the programme ; -LRB- c -RRB- The National Health Programme 2001-2006 : the Government of Mexico stated that as Mexico is a country of origin , transit and destination of migration , a comprehensive policy on migrant health is required ; it distinguished between internal migrants , namely migrants who move within Mexico   following   agricultural cycles , and external migrants , namely those Mexicans who migrate to the United States of America . Mexico stated that its Vete sano , regresa sano programme of action , included in the National Health Programme 2001-2006 , offers a comprehensive package for health maintenance for migrants and their families through information , preventive care and treatment in places of origin , transit and destination of migrants ;
 A wide discrepancy was observed between the perception of Governments and that of organizations of persons with disabilities . The widest discrepancy was observed in Latin America , at 34.4 per cent difference ;   followed   by Asia , at 33.6 per cent ; while Africa and the Arab region registered 25.9 per cent and 24.3 per cent discrepancy , respectively . Finally the narrowest gap between Governments and organizations of persons with disabilities was registered in Europe , at 6.1 per cent .
 The Group is provided with administrative and logistical support , especially for making travel arrangements , including obtaining visas and security clearance , and other administrative backup by the office of the United Nations Development Programme -LRB- UNDP -RRB- Somalia -LRB- which is based in Nairobi -RRB- . Support by this office allows the Monitoring Group to   follow   up quickly on investigative leads . The current mandate of the Monitoring Group will expire on 15 April 2008 .
 FCCC/SBI/2006/11 , paragraph 112 . Decision 36/CMP.1 states that credentials from Parties to the Kyoto Protocol would apply for the participation of their representatives in sessions of the COP and the CMP , and a single report on credentials would be submitted for approval ,   following   established procedures , by the Bureau of the COP to the COP and to the CMP . Decision 3/CMP.1 , annex , paragraphs 2-5 .
 Mr. Smith -LRB- United States of America -RRB- withdrew his objection to the inclusion of a new recommendation . The Chairperson said she took it that the Commission wished to insert a new recommendation along the lines of that suggested in the note   following   paragraph 182 of the commentary . It was so decided .
 Outputs 8.29 During the biennium 2008-2009 , the   following   final outputs will be delivered : -LRB- a -RRB- Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies -LRB- regular budget -RRB- and substantive servicing of meetings :
 Notes that the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty agreed that legally binding security assurances by the five nuclear-weapon States to the non-nuclear-weapon States parties to the Treaty strengthen the nuclear non-proliferation regime ; Urges the States parties to the Treaty to   follow   up on the implementation of the nuclear disarmament obligations under the Treaty agreed to at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences of the Parties to the Treaty within the framework of the 2010 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty and its Preparatory Committee ; Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its sixty-fourth session an item entitled Follow-up to nuclear disarmament obligations agreed to at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons .
 Figure 2. Number of Parties undertaking sectoral greenhouse gas abatement analysis The analysis of the energy sector showed that most Parties identified mitigation measures relating to the transport subsector ,   followed   by the residential subsector . Few Parties addressed the industrial sector and only one mentioned measures specific to the processes in the industrial sector -LRB- see figure 2 -RRB- .
 In accordance with the workplan , the Subcommittee will , at its forty-fifth session , in 2008 , consider reports submitted in response to the annual request for information from Member States and international organizations on their near-Earth object activities . The present document has been prepared by the Secretariat on the basis of information received from the   following   Member States : Germany , Japan , Poland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland . Replies received from Member States
 With increased public spending and high FDI flows , South Africa maintained the same growth rate of 2005 through 2006 . Notwithstanding the slowdown in oil production , Angola remains the fastest growing economy in Southern Africa -LRB- 17.6 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by Mozambique -LRB- 7.9 per cent -RRB- , Malawi -LRB- 6.9 per cent -RRB- and Zambia -LRB- 6 per cent -RRB- . Zimbabwe , though still on the negative side -LRB- -4.4 per cent in 2006 , from -7.1 per cent in 2005 -RRB- , and Malawi recorded the largest improvements in growth , thanks to favourable weather conditions and commodity markets , although recovery from the 2005 drought is still incomplete .
 Growth in Central Africa was underpinned by higher oil prices . In spite of sustained increases in oil prices , Chad and Equatorial Guinea experienced the greatest decline in GDP growth in 2006 ,   followed   by the Congo , because of a slowdown in crude oil production . Oil production declined in Chad in 2006 because of technical problems .
 Exchange rate appreciation was also notable for the Sudanese dinar -LRB- 12.5 per cent -RRB- and the Angolan kwanza -LRB- 8.5 per cent -RRB- owing to higher oil revenues and FDI flows . Conversely , the Zimbabwean dollar had the largest depreciation -LRB- 87 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by the Malawian kwacha -LRB- 13 per cent -RRB- . Zimbabwe and Malawi experienced a decline in exports and increased food imports because of slow recovery from the drought of 2005 , while Guinea faced a near-depletion of foreign reserves .
 Reviewed the tentative work plan for the annual session 2007 , and agreed to finalize it following further discussion ; Agreed to the   following   schedule for the remaining sessions of the Executive Board in 2007 : Annual session 2007 : 11-22 June
 This approach has enabled the Commission to narrow its focus in a number of areas , in particular in relation to developing its understanding of the motive behind the execution of the crime .  Following   requests from the Security Council , the Commission has been providing technical assistance to the Lebanese authorities for the 14 other cases , the case of the assassination of Minister Pierre Gemayel and , more recently , the Ain Alaq bombings . In doing so , the Commission has sought to identify areas of work where it can add value to the investigations , while expending appropriate resources to achieve the required results .
 -LRB- c -RRB- In the case of non-governmental organizations not in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council , but accredited to participate in the World Conference against Racism , Racial Discrimination , Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and its follow-up mechanisms the Secretariat shall apply the same accreditation process as decided pursuant to PC.1/2 ; Other interested indigenous peoples ' representatives can also be accredited ,   following   standard procedures established under Council resolution 1996/31 . Upon the invitation of the presiding officer of the body concerned and subject to the approval of that body , such observers may make oral statements on questions in which they have special competence .
 I take this opportunity to commend her and her team for the extensive efforts she made during the intersessional period to introduce the programme of work for the year 2007 . I can assure her of mine and my delegation 's full support and cooperation with the hope that all future Presidents will   follow   her example of prudent and impartial leadership . We share the desire voiced by many other colleagues of bringing the CD back to fulfil its objectives at the disposal of the international community .
 For example , by 2007 , more than 350 joint programmes were registered on the UNDG website.3 While the UNDAFs have enabled the United Nations country teams to act in a more integrated and concerted manner and have helped in formulating comprehensive approaches , United Nations agencies continue to have agency-specific country programme documents and country programme action plans as their respective operational programming documents . The most recent initiatives adopted by the United Nations system to act in a more cohesive manner are the One United Nations pilot programmes launched at the end of 2006 ,   following   the recommendation of the High-Level Panel on United Nations System-wide Coherence . Eight pilot countries started to test the One United Nations approach on a voluntary basis .
 Outputs 28C.54 During the biennium 2008-2009 , the   following   outputs will be delivered : -LRB- a -RRB- Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies :
 The State party 's report indicated that the Anti-Discrimination and Equality Ombud and Tribunal were Government bodies that were professionally independent . That seemed to her to be an ambiguous situation and perhaps even a contradictory one , since if they were Government bodies which functioned as national machinery they could not be fully independent ; they would have to   follow   Government policies and guidelines . On the other hand , based on the information in the report , it appeared that the Ombud and the Tribunal played a role in determining the basic premises for policy formulation .
 South Africa has experienced a massive reduction in malaria cases due to indoor residual spraying of DDT , especially in the northern parts of our country , in collaboration with our neighbours Swaziland , Zimbabwe and Mozambique . South Africa 's programme has been hailed as a success by the World Health Organization , and our malaria-control interventions are being used as a model for other countries to   follow   . It is the conviction of my delegation that the fight against malaria can be won by all nations by destroying the mosquitoes that cause the disease  an approach that many developed countries have adopted .
 The Programme also should be open to a limited number of self-funded participants . Guidelines contained in General Assembly resolutions should be   followed   , in particular regarding the desirability of using , as far as possible , the resources and facilities made available by Member States , international organizations and others , as well as the need , in appointing lecturers for the seminars of the International Law Fellowship Programme , to secure representation of the major legal systems and balance among various geographical regions . Every effort should be made to enhance and maintain the high quality of the lecturers and the seminars .
 Regional or sectoral instruments The implementation review mechanisms of the   following   regional or sectoral instruments were examined : -LRB- a -RRB- Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions :
 E. Monitoring of illicit cultivation , information-sharing and evaluation of the impact of alternative development programmes In terms of mechanisms for monitoring illicit crop cultivation , throughout the reporting periods the use of ground surveys was the method most often reported by States ,   followed   by aerial photography and the use of satellite imagery -LRB- see figure XI -RRB- . A number of States consistently reported on monitoring through human intelligence , community policing , information networks , ground patrols and , in specific and isolated cases , surveillance by helicopter .
 Ms. Kluzi-Rostkowska -LRB- Poland -RRB- said that the area of competence of the Department for Women , Family and Counteracting Discrimination comprised all the responsibilities of the former Office of the Government Plenipotentiary for Equal Status of Women and Men , including the management of all related European Union programmes and resources , and , in addition , addressed family issues and all forms of discrimination . Contrary to initial doubts , the new structure was highly effective because that Department , which she headed in her capacity as Deputy Minister of Labour , could   follow   up on a number of issues discussed by parliament and thereby have a major impact on legislation , whereas a plenipotentiary 's role in parliament was limited to giving opinions . Employment-related initiatives in favour of women were not the only activities of the Department but , in view of Poland 's extremely high unemployment rate , played a key role .
 A second joint office was initially planned in the Maldives , but was , however , not implemented in the aftermath of the tsunami of December 2004 . In 2004 , UNICEF had the largest number of national professional officers , with 1 , 523 staff members ,   followed   by UNDP with 832 , WFP -LRB- 267 -RRB- , WHO -LRB- 248 -RRB- , UNFPA -LRB- 228 -RRB- , FAO -LRB- 92 -RRB- , UNESCO -LRB- 72 -RRB- and UNIDO -LRB- 17 -RRB- . Other good examples are FAO , IFAD , UNCTAD and UNESCO .
 One or two other points came up during the discussion . I think the delegation of the United Kingdom mentioned the desirability of a further meeting of the High-level Committee that was designed to   follow   the implementation of the Joint Communiqu on Facilitation of Humanitarian Assistance in Darfur , and I entirely agree . The reason there has not been a recent meeting  I think the last meeting was in September  is because there has not been a Minister for Humanitarian Affairs in the Sudan as a result of the difficulties between the north and the south over the implementation of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement .
 Request the PIFS to bring the conclusions of this consultation workshop to the attention of the Security Council and the General Assembly of the United Nations , for appraising them of the measures being envisaged for technical assistance delivery to the Pacific Islands countries ; Take note of the consultations with UNODC , the Counter-Terrorism Committee Executive Directorate and the 1540 Committee Expert Group , and the indicated intention of participating countries to   follow   up on those consultations through formal technical assistance requests ; Recognize that broader law enforcement programmes will complement the implementation of the universal counter-terrorism instruments ;
 Mr. Eriksen -LRB- Norway -RRB- , speaking on behalf of the Nordic countries -LRB- Denmark , Finland , Iceland , Norway and Sweden -RRB- , said that the draft articles on diplomatic protection were generally satisfactory , inasmuch as they struck a good balance between the codification and progressive development of international law in that field . The General Assembly should therefore   follow   the International Law Commission 's recommendation and adopt the draft articles in the form of a convention within a relatively short period of time , for the sake of greater legal clarity and predictability . Referring to the diverging views set out in the Secretary-General 's report -LRB- A/62/118 and Add.1 -RRB- , he expressed the Nordic countries ' readiness to consider any option which safeguarded the core elements of the draft articles .
 -LRB- h -RRB- Cooperation is pursued with various States in order to learn about their new passport specifications and methods employed to combat forgery ; -LRB- i -RRB- The Kingdom participates in international conferences and   follows   the latest developments in connection with passport printing , border security systems and new technical support equipment for forgery detection ; -LRB- j -RRB- In cooperation with the National Information Centre , work is under way with a view to :
 Water supply , rural economic activity and education each accounted for more than 20 per cent of UNCDF investment resources in 2006 . These were   followed   by health -LRB- 14 per cent -RRB- , roads , bridges and culverts -LRB- 8 per cent -RRB- , and facilities -LRB- 6 per cent -RRB- . As in 2005 , more than 60 per cent of all investments were dedicated to enhancing access to social services and infrastructure , whereas about a quarter of UNCDF investment in 2006 was used for economic capital formation .
 Technical cooperation directed by UNICEF to the African region amounted to $ 862.3 million , equivalent to 42 per cent of total UNICEF delivery . This was   followed   by the Asia and Pacific region with $ 656.7 million or 32 per cent of total technical cooperation delivered . These two regions combined received $ 1.5 billion or 73 per cent of overall assistance .
 Of this net amount , $ 109 , 000 would be met from the unencumbered balance against the amounts provided for the Executive Directorate in 2004 . Additionally ,   following   the arrangements applied in 2004 , it is proposed to redeploy an additional amount of $ 694 , 300 from the resources already appropriated for the biennium for support to the Counter-Terrorism Committee under Section 3 , Political affairs , of the programme budget to meet the 2005 requirements of the Executive Directorate , as a continuing measure to realign resources between the Counter-Terrorism Committee secretariat and the Executive Directorate . Thus the overall financing requirements for the Executive Directorate for 2005 , after taking into account the above , amount to $ 6 , 085 , 000 net -LRB- $ 7 , 071 , 800 gross -RRB- .
 I have transmitted to the Council the first report received from the Monitoring Group -LRB- see S/2004/667 -RRB- , in which the actions taken by the parties to fulfil their obligations and commitments under the Agreement are presented . In the meantime , the Monitoring Committee established under the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement and chaired by my Special Representative continues to   follow   progress in the overall peace process , thus complementing the work of the Monitoring Group . During the reporting period , the Monitoring Committee intensified its efforts to resume dialogue between the parties and continued to play an important role in urging all the Ivorian parties to adhere to the commitments made under the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement .
 I call on Council members and other concerned stakeholders to continue to urge the Ivorian parties to ensure that the implementation timetable for the Accra III Agreement is closely complied with . The fortnightly reports of the Monitoring Group provide a very useful tool for the international community to   follow   developments . At the same time , due consideration needs to be given to steps which could help to ensure that the peace process remains on track .
 In some cases travel claims were only completed following the Board 's audit , even though the travel had been undertaken earlier in the year . The Committee strongly supports the recommendation of the Board of Auditors that organizations should monitor the timely submission of travel claims ,   follow   up on outstanding claims to fully recover all travel advances and , as appropriate , refrain from authorizing additional travel advances if previous travel claims have not been submitted -LRB- A/59/5/Add.7 , chap. II , paras . United Nations House initiative
 Deeply troubled by the fact that Mr. Agathon Rwasa 's Forces nationales de liberation -LRB- Palipehutu-FNL -RRB- have claimed responsibility for the Gatumba massacre , expresses its intention to consider appropriate measures that might be taken against those individuals who threaten the peace and national reconciliation process in Burundi ; Requests the Secretary-General to keep it informed on a regular basis of developments in the situation in Burundi , the implementation of the Arusha Agreement , the execution of ONUB 's mandate and the action taken by the Burundian authorities   following   the Council 's recommendations in the fight against impunity , and to submit a report on these developments every three months ; Decides to remain actively seized of the matter .
 Since 2002 , over 3 million people have returned voluntarily . The largest number of the returnees -LRB- 43 per cent -RRB- went to the central region of Afghanistan ,   followed   by those returning to the northern region -LRB- 22 per cent -RRB- and the eastern region -LRB- 20 per cent -RRB- . Kabul province remained the province receiving the largest number of returnees .
 Urges Member States to contribute to the efforts of the United Nations to usher in a world free of colonialism within the Second International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism , and calls upon them to continue to give their full support to the Special Committee in its endeavours towards that noble goal ; Notes that some Non-Self-Governing Territories have expressed concern at the procedure   followed   by one administering Power , contrary to the wishes of the Territories themselves , namely , of amending or enacting legislation for the Territories through Orders in Council , in order to apply to the Territories the international treaty obligations of the administering Power ; Takes note of the constitutional reviews in the Territories administered by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and led by the territorial Governments ;
 Hence , we acknowledge the partnership of the Global Fund in assisting environmental programmes globally , and we would encourage that the focus of further assistance should extend to other sectors of sustainable development , such as energy , water and sanitation . My delegation has closely   followed   the review of the Barbados Programme of Action and the development of a Group of 77 strategy paper . While negotiations are still ongoing , Solomon Islands , as a member of the Alliance of Small Island States -LRB- AOSIS -RRB- , acknowledges that the strategy paper strengthens the Barbados Programme and places it as an action-oriented programme with which we can all identify .
 Requests the Secretariat to continue implementation of this work plan in cooperation with all relevant and interested partners and to keep the Open-ended Working Group and the Conference of the Parties regularly informed on progress as well as initiatives to include new projects in order to adopt a decision on this matter ; Encourages Parties and signatories to   follow   the lead of Australia , Japan and Switzerland in providing funding to the Basel Convention Partnership Programme and becoming actively involved in the programme ; Encourages broader civil society , including environmental non-governmental organizations and the private sector , in particular industry , to provide technical and financial support for the Basel Convention Partnership Programme and to become involved in specific activities at the regional , national and international levels .
 She noted the interest that delegates had expressed in the `` Invest-in-Peace '' initiative . Many countries , particularly those in post-conflict situations , would   follow   with great interest the further development of this initiative in Sri Lanka . In his concluding remarks , the Deputy Minister for Industry , Tourism and Investment Promotion of Sri Lanka thanked delegates for the constructive feedback and their solidarity with Sri Lanka in its continuing efforts to make economic progress .
 An example of the significance of private sector standards is provided by the EUREPGAP certification , a private initiative by European retailers aimed at certifying production as safe and sustainable . A normative document details the procedures to   follow   in order to receive EUREPGAP certification . The certification is in place for fruit and vegetables , flowers and ornamental plants , other farm products , aquaculture products and -LRB- soon -RRB- green coffee .
 The Office of Mission Support was the largest recipient of new posts  102 of them , followed by the Military Division with 37 posts , the Office of Operations with 20 posts and the Civilian Police Division with 13 posts . In relative terms , the highest increase was in the Civilian Police Division  from 11 to 24 posts ,   followed   by the Military Division which grew by 80 per cent to 83 posts , and the Office of Operations  by 34 per cent to 78 posts . Within the Office of Mission Support , the biggest relative increase was in the Personnel Management and Support Service  by 62 per cent to 115 posts ; followed by the Logistics Support Division , which grew by 43 per cent to 164 posts and by the Finance Management and Support Service , with an increase of 25 per cent to 70 posts .
 Recovery and return of assets diverted and stolen through corrupt practices is one of the key factors in dealing effectively with corruption and has become a pressing issue for many States . In addition , legal issues arising in practice differ significantly depending on the jurisdiction in which the recovery effort is pursued -LRB- common or civil law countries -RRB- and the procedure   followed   -LRB- civil or criminal recovery -RRB- . Many continental jurisdictions allow for the participation of the victim in the criminal proceedings as a partie civile , thus enabling victims to have access to all information available to the prosecution , and rely on the criminal court to render a decision on the civil compensation that is claimed .
 According to statistics provided by the National Centre for Analysis and Documentation of the Judiciary , in 2002 13 , 114 forensic examinations were conducted of women victims of assault . The most common category was that of physical injury in 7 , 227 cases ,   followed   by wounds in 1 , 014 cases and defloration in 669 cases . During the first half of 2003 , 7 , 405 cases were handled .
 According to the records of the Technical Secretariat of the Office of the Inspector-General of the National Civil Police , from January to June 2003 there were 163 violent deaths of women , with the capital having the highest number of cases , 79 . As to the cause of death , gunshot wounds accounted for the highest percentage , or 74 per cent ,   followed   by knife wounds at 13 per cent . From January to June 2003 , there were 7 reports of violence and 158 reports of kidnappings .
 Organization of work The Meeting agreed to   follow   its customary procedure and to establish contact groups as necessary . Consideration of issues arising out of the reports of the Technology and Economic Assessment Panel
 To note further that decision XV/19 of the Fifteenth Meeting of the Parties set out the methodology for the submission of these requests ; To note that the   following   Parties have presented sufficient information , in accordance with decisions XIII/15 and XV/19 , to justify their requests for a change in their baseline consumption of the relevant substances : -LRB- a -RRB- Lebanon , to change its baseline consumption data for the controlled substance in Annex E -LRB- methyl bromide -RRB- from 152.4 to 236.4 ODP tonnes ;
 UNMISET 's work in training the Timorese police has had very positive results ; we therefore believe that it should continue during the consolidation phase . The maintenance of external security also requires UNMISET 's presence to   follow   up on developments in the security situation and to support demarcation activities . We feel that the Secretary-General 's recommendations in that area are reasonable and deserve support .
 Although they inadequately reflect the human rights dimension , the millennium development goals can nevertheless be helpful in mobilizing resources and efforts to achieve progress which will also contribute to the gradual realization of the right to education . Sub-Saharan Africa has the lowest proportion of students completing primary education ,   followed   by South Asia , with 70 per cent . The rates in the Middle East and North Africa have remained steady since the 1990s , with an average of 74 per cent of students in these regions completing their studies .
 Similarly , the penalty for exhuming a corpse , which is normally two years ' imprisonment , is raised to five years if the offence is committed for racist reasons -LRB- article 225-18 of the Criminal Code -RRB- . The Special Rapporteur welcomes the stiffer penalties introduced in French legislation for racial discrimination in all its forms and hopes that other countries will   follow   France 's example . Belgium
 8.1 The Division for Management is headed by a Director , who also serves as Director of the Division for Management , United Nations Office at Vienna . He or she is accountable to the Executive Director , and is also responsible to the Under-Secretary-General for Management for ensuring that all regulations , rules and instructions of the Organization are   followed   . 8.2 The core functions of the Division are as follows :
 The guidelines have been discussed with representatives of author departments , secretariats of intergovernmental and expert bodies and the staff in the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management directly responsible for planning and processing documentation . All authors are expected to   follow   these guidelines when drafting , preparing questionnaires and submitting documentation to intergovernmental bodies . Ultimately the goal is to make a difference , to reduce the documentation workload without compromising the quality and content of reports and , of course , to improve the timeliness of availability of the required reports , thereby contributing to the smooth and efficient functioning of intergovernmental bodies .
 Extraneous information that does not contribute to deliberations . In drafting reports , the   following   also applies : Biennialization/triennialization and consolidation of reports are not a priori reasons to exceed page limits .
 First , the nuclear-weapon States must commit themselves to that task if the Treaty were not to deteriorate into a discriminatory agreement that divided the world into those States that had nuclear weapons and those that did not . His delegation welcomed the courageous actions recently taken by the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya and urged all nuclear-weapon States to   follow   its example and fully implement the provisions of the 1995 Review Conference and the 13 practical steps adopted at the 2000 Conference , through well-defined programmes , and in accordance with article VI of the Treaty . Universality was another critical issue , especially in regard to the matter of priorities .
 For the first time in three years , other funds , programmes and specialized agencies assumed had the second largest percentage of United Nations system-wide expenditure at 26 per cent , trailing with WFP at 33.9 per cent and slightly surpassing UNDP -LRB- at 24.8 per cent -RRB- Similar to 2001 and 2002 , WHO , delivered approximately one third , or $ 839 million of technical cooperation for both regular and extrabudgetary resources . Following the WHO lead , in terms of percentage distribution , the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East -LRB- UNRWA -RRB- delivered 17.1 per cent or $ 430 million of expenditures ,   followed   by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations -LRB- FAO -RRB- at 14.8 per cent or $ 370 million . The United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization -LRB- UNESCO -RRB- came next athad 10.8 per cent or $ 272 million , while the International Labour Organization -LRB- ILO -RRB- assumed had 5.2 per cent or $ 130 million .
 Meeting records , official records , resolutions , information documents and corrigenda are also excluded . The documents have been categorized as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- Category A : reports originating in the Secretariat ;
 In its resolution 58/250 , the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to the Assembly proposals on the possibility of biennializing the Pattern of conferences item . When considering biennialization in the General Assembly , one has to bear in mind that the Committee on Conferences , the subsidiary of the Assembly entrusted to   follow   all relevant issues under this item , has itself biennialized the consideration of certain items on its agenda . At its 341st meeting , on 27 August 1992 , the Committee decided to maintain its biennial programme of work , dealing with items relating to documentation in even-numbered years and those relating to meetings in odd-numbered years -LRB- see A/AC.172/2004/L.1 , annotations -RRB- .
 The working group had before it the following documents : note by the Secretariat -LRB- E/CN.4/Sub.2/2004/WG.2/CRP.1 -RRB- . It also had before it the   following   background documents : Norms on the responsibilities of transnational corporations and other business enterprises with regard to human rights -LRB- E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/12/Rev.2 -RRB- ; Commentary on the Norms on the responsibilities of transnational corporations and other business enterprises with regard to human rights -LRB- the Commentary -RRB- -LRB- E/CN.4/Sub.2/2004/38/Rev.2 -RRB- . Comments by the members of the working group and Sub-Commission experts
 Third , the Sub-Commission could play a role in the preparation of the report that OHCHR would present to the Commission . The observer for Human Rights Advocates encouraged the working group and the Sub-Commission to   follow   this third route . The observer for Europe-Third World Centre underlined the fact that the development of the Norms was only one part of the mandate of the working group and expressed the wish that the working group would now turn to the other elements of its mandate , set out in Sub-Commission resolutions 1998/8 and 2001/3 .
 Encourages Member States owed credits for the closed peacekeeping mission accounts to apply those credits to any accounts where the Member State concerned has outstanding assessed contributions . The Fifth Committee also recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft decision : Participation of United Nations Volunteers in peacekeeping operations
 In the same resolution , the Council took note of the report of the Secretary-General on the role of the Council in the integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of and follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits -LRB- E/2003/67 -RRB- , and , in that regard , requested the Secretary-General to update the report and its recommendations in the light of Assembly resolution 57/270 B and to submit the updated report for consideration by the Council at its next substantive session . In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 45/264 and 50/227 -LRB- annex I , para. 59 -RRB- , the implementation of the agreed conclusions of the coordination segment should be   followed   up in the general segment of the following year . Documentation
 On the other hand , lung cancer -LRB- once typically male -RRB- currently ranks sixth in female tumours . Lung cancer ranks first in overall incidence rates ,   followed   by breast , colon-rectal and stomach cancer -LRB- source : the Italian Tumour Registers -RRB- . Smoking and bad eating habits -LRB- including alcohol abuse -RRB- are acknowledged risk factors for many cancer categories that can explain around two thirds of all cancer cases .
 At the same meeting , Mr. Christian Mersmann served as Moderator and made introductory remarks . At the same meeting , presentations were made by the representatives of the   following   major groups : indigenous people , women , children and youth , workers and trade unions , farmers and small forest landowners , non-governmental organizations , scientific and technological communities , and business and industry . At the same meeting , statements were made by the representatives of Guatemala , Ireland -LRB- on behalf of the European Union -RRB- , the Gambia , Algeria , Brazil , Finland , Russian Federation , Nigeria , Germany , Indonesia , Sweden , Pakistan , Kenya , Canada and Ecuador .
 Ms. Morvai said that early marriage was an obstacle to women 's equality . Birth certificates would be one means to verify that the rules on the minimum age of marriage were being   followed   , and she asked whether there were any plans to introduce birth registration . Women 's life expectancy of 44.9 years was shockingly low .
 That committee requested Andorra , and all other Member States of the United Nations , to submit initial reports on the internal measures taken , or planned to be taken , for the purpose of implementing the resolution . Andorra therefore submits the   following   report , which reflects the determination of the Principality to collaborate with the United Nations in pursuing the fight against proliferation of all weapons of mass destruction . That determination has been expressed a number of times by the Head of Government , Mr. Marc Forn Moln , and the Minister for Foreign Affairs , Mr. Juli Minoves Triquell .
 Suggestions were also made to convene a workshop to further study the role of the private sector and identify relevant actions , prior to discussing the issue at a higher level . As a result , JCEDAR assigned the secretariat to   follow   up the implementation of the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development by communicating with the General Union of Chambers of Commerce , Industry and Agriculture in Arab countries and by organizing a workshop on private sector incentives to encourage investment in the field of the environment . Consideration of an Arab fund for environmental projects
 Virtually all the candidates have completed higher education , over 30 per cent of them are lawyers and economists , and 31 per cent of the candidates are women .  Following   requests from the leadership of the CIS mission , the authorities responsible for compliance with the electoral legislation were notified that the Supreme Court had received three complaints concerning denial of registration of candidates by electoral commissions . The Supreme Court did not accept the complaints .
 Annex XII Programme budget implications of the recommendation of the Committee on the Rights of the Child on its working methods In accordance with rule 26 of its provisional rules of procedure -LRB- CRC/C/4 -RRB- , the   following   statement of programme budget implications was prepared for the Committee with respect to the recommendation adopted at its thirty-fourth session concerning its working methods -LRB- see chap. I , sect . 1. The Committee on the Rights of the Child is established under article 43 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and is mandated to monitor implementation of the Convention and its two Optional Protocols on the sale of children , child prostitution and child pornography and on the involvement of children in armed conflict through the review of reports which are to be submitted on a periodic basis by States parties .
 I would also like at the outset to pay a tribute to the personnel of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo -LRB- UNMIK -RRB- , as well as to the men and women of KFOR . They are our representatives in Kosovo ; they implement the Council 's policies and   follow   its guidance , and they deserve all our gratitude and support . Full appreciation should go to the European Union and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , United Nations partners within UNMIK , and to the other organizations , agencies , contributors and donors that are helping with the implementation of resolution 1244 -LRB- 1999 -RRB- .
 From January 2003 , the key parties in decision-making on production and trade of armaments and military equipment are Entity authorities , i.e. Defence Ministries , which monitored and regulated every move of arms through BH territory . Through the recommendation to the parties by the SFOR Commander in BH , SFOR would have ,   following   its own rules , a role to regulate every transfer of arms to and from BH . Responsibility for arms control belong to four ministries :
 The Board elected Mr. Patrick Krappie as its Rapporteur .  Following   established practice , the Board agreed that the Regional Coordinators and China , and the Chairmen of the Sessional Committees , would be fully associated with the work of the Bureau of the Board . -LRB- b -RRB- Adoption of the agenda and organization of the work of the session
 Trafficking in women and girls is a major element of gender-based violence . In 2003 , UNFPA   followed   up on the recommendations of a 2002 workshop on trafficking by preparing a conceptual framework on trafficking which demonstrates linkages with the UNFPA mandate , particularly with regard to reproductive health and women 's empowerment . UNFPA prepared briefs for its field staff , CST members and other staff on specific aspects of trafficking .
 The convicts were sentenced to jail terms ranging from 6 months to 15 years for unlawful carnal knowledge and indecent assault on girls aged between 4 and 14 years . These convictions were due to the efforts of FSU which set up a committee to   follow   up cases at court and ensure that due process took its course . A random survey conducted by the Human Rights Section in Moyamba district revealed that over 30 per cent of the female students interviewed had at some point been forced to have sexual intercourse against their will .
 Milestones related to the United Nations Global Compact include the publication of A Survey of SMEs in the Global Compact , and , jointly with UNDP , Partnerships for Small Enterprise Development . An agreement will be signed with UNDP regarding joint technical cooperation programmes ,   following   up the recommendations of the United Nations Commission on the Private Sector and Development . Service module 5 : Agro-industries
 The application will maintain bank accounts , provide projected bank account balances , control fund sufficiency , transfer excess funds to the United Nations Headquarters or offices away from Headquarters pool accounts , generate reports and help to automate bank reconciliations . Implementation will be done in the   following   phases : implementation of disbursements and transfers via SWIFT ; integration of cash management into investment ; cash matching and reconciliation and cash pooling . The total cost of the project is $ 228 , 300 and is expected for completion at the end of the financial period ending 30 June 2005 .
 -LRB- c -RRB- Many rules issued by the Santiago commercial and stock exchanges also deal with wire transfers , imposing appropriate penalties for non-compliance . Mention may be made of articles 29 and 30 of the handbook of the Santiago commercial and stock exchanges , articles 2.4 , 16 , 17 and 18 of the handbook of stockbrokers ' rights and obligations , section -LRB- b -RRB- , which sets out the instructions and procedures to be   followed   in handling stock market calls , the books and records to be kept by brokers , the requirements for safe-keeping of stocks , and so forth . Additionally , in articles 50 to 78 , the regulations of the Santiago commercial exchange list the books and records that stockbrokers must keep and the prohibitions and obligations applicable to them .
 Ms. Tong said that the Constitutional Court had returned land and mineral -LRB- diamond -RRB- rights to the Richtersveld community , which had been dispossessed of its land by the British Crown in 1847 in a process regarded as discriminatory and racist . The expert added that she was sure that South Africa 's example in this case could be   followed   by other countries in the region . Mr. Daniel Watson , a representative of the Government of Canada , highlighted his country 's great ethnic , cultural , linguistic and geographical diversity and referred to the Prime Minister 's inaugural speech in 2001 , in which the Government set the objective of significantly reducing the percentage of aboriginal people entering the criminal justice system .
 The Commander of the Presidential Guard and the Chief of the Maison militaire du Chef de l'tat were suspended and on 19 June , President Kabila replaced the Chief of Staff of the Army . On 14 July , having returned to Goma , eight RCD-Goma members of the National Assembly unilaterally suspended their membership of the Assembly and called on other RCD-Goma members to   follow   suit . The eight were strongly condemned by the RCD-Goma leadership , who sought to replace them .
 The excellent report before us today is an accurate reflection of their strong belief in the importance of the task entrusted to them : to meet the deep aspirations of the States and peoples of the world to see rapid and substantial reform in the Security Council in terms of both its composition and its functioning . That strong aspiration can be explained by the   following   : the accession since 1960 of a large number of States to national sovereignty ; the extent and complexity of the tasks confronting the United Nations today ; the recent emergence of new challenges to international peace and security ; and the desire for a more transparent and more democratic management of our Organization , which we hold so dear . All of those factors should lead us to cross , in a positive and progressive spirit , the Rubicon and to transform the Security Council into an organ that is truly representative of Member States and that is better prepared to carry out the tasks with which it is entrusted in the Charter of the United Nations .
 Mr. Mario stated that CAT had requested that its autumn session be extended by one week . Procedures to encourage reporting had been adopted in view of the high number of overdue initial reports , and some States had submitted reports   following   the Committee 's requests . Implementation in States that persistently failed to report would be considered in the absence of a report .
 Technical cooperation should be more readily available for States wishing to prepare reports or which request assistance for the follow-up to concluding observations . In this context , the growing practice of convening regional and subregional workshops to   follow   up concluding observations was welcomed . The potential for using new technologies to facilitate reporting was also raised .
 The President : I shall now make a statement in my capacity as the representative of the Philippines . When the world was less complex and less complicated , and when local and border wars were fewer and less disastrous in humanitarian terms , the protection of civilians , particularly women and children , was   followed   as a matter of policy . It was followed as a matter of course .
 Sri Lanka had the potential to attract more FDI and to increase the benefits from it . The Government would be   following   up on the implementation of the recommendations of the IPR , which related to modernizing the FDI entry regime , strengthening Board of Investment -LRB- BOI -RRB- core functions and reforming the tax regime on investment . The Deputy Minister for Industry , Tourism and Investment Promotion thanked UNCTAD for a high quality report and the useful recommendations , which could be put to practical use in the framework of the new Government 's policies to strengthen economic policy , increase FDI , promote SMEs and reduce poverty .
 Further breakdown of enrolment according to gender shows that females outnumbered males in Commerce , Food Technology and Hospitality , and Fashion courses . The courses with the least number of female participants are Mechanical Engineering -LRB- FPR 5 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by Electrical Engineering -LRB- FPR 22.8 per cent -RRB- and Civil Engineering -LRB- FPR 29.9 per cent -RRB- . Table 10.11 : Student Enrolment in the Polytechnics According to Gender - 1998
 Matrimonial domicile is applicable to a married woman and the children of such marriage .  Following   English case law , in Malaysia , a married woman acquires the domicile of her husband upon marriage to him . A legitimate child will acquire the domicile of the father and for an illegitimate child that of the mother .
 Of all kinds of violence , mental violence is the most widespread one , reported in 40 % of the interviewed , while 72.8 % of the interviewees reported slapping as the most frequent kind of violence . These are   followed   by threats and battery , then burning or scalding and using a knife or pistol against the victim . The Criminal Code of the Republic of Macedonia does not sanction violence against the woman as a separate criminal offense .
 Participation of non-governmental organizations in the activities of the Committee Since its early sessions , the Committee has invited non-governmental organizations to   follow   its work . In order to ensure that it is as well informed as possible , the Committee invites representatives of national and international non-governmental organizations to provide country-specific information on States parties whose reports are before it .
 -LRB- g -RRB- Further developing , operating and maintaining the United Nations Disarmament Information System ; -LRB- h -RRB- Developing , implementing and managing disarmament and non-proliferation education projects , and   following   up on the recommendations of the United Nations study on disarmament and non-proliferation education , including the convening of the inter-agency task force on disarmament and non-proliferation education ; -LRB- i -RRB- Operating and maintaining a reference library , in print and electronic form , of documentation and publications relating to disarmament and international security , as well as of specialized literature on armaments and disarmament , for use by permanent missions , delegations to the First Committee of the General Assembly and the United Nations Disarmament Commission , academic institutions , non-governmental organizations and the general public ;
 Timing The review of the calculation of assigned amount pursuant to Article 3 , paragraphs 7 and 8 , as part of the initial review shall be concluded within one year of the due date for submission of the report to facilitate the calculation of the assigned amount pursuant to Article 3 , paragraphs 7 and 8 , referred to in paragraph 6 of the annex to decision -/CMP.1 -LRB- Modalities for the accounting of assigned amounts -RRB- and shall   follow   the time frames and procedures established in paragraph 10 below . The annual review of the information on ERUs , CERs , tCERs , lCERs , AAUs and RMUs reported in accordance with section I.E of the annex to decision -/CMP.1 -LRB- Article 7 -RRB- shall be concluded within one year of the due date for the submission of the information under Article 7 , paragraph 1 , and include the following steps :
 UNHCR made similar progress regarding recruitment as well as the administration of the Housing Maintenance Element , and an e-Learning policy . The Board commends UNHCR for timely implementation of some of its recommendations and will   follow   up on their full implementation . The Board recommended that UNHCR review the finance staffing , based on workload indicators and on benchmarking with comparable United Nations entities .
 Data availability is an important requirement for the implementation of the 1993 SNA . The survey responses from the 1993 SNA non-implementers show that data inadequacy is considered the main impediment to the compilation of national accounts   followed   in importance by the lack of knowledge and the inadequate number and continuity of staff -LRB- see chart -RRB- . Chart Factors impeding the 1993 SNA implementation
 The fight against terrorism must be carried out with determination . There are no short cuts : human rights must be respected ; international law must be   followed   . Our global human rights instruments aim at protecting the individual .
 Expresses its appreciation : -LRB- a -RRB- That an integrated approach is being   followed   by the United Nations system in addressing the question of extreme poverty , particularly through the adoption and the implementation of the United Nations action strategy for halving extreme poverty by 2015 ; Takes note of the report of the independent expert -LRB- E/CN.4/2004/43 and Add.1 -RRB- and the recommendations contained therein ;
 The bride price is not in itself a bad institution ; however , an exorbitant amount is sometimes set by the girl 's family , giving the fianc the impression that he is buying her . To avoid such abuses , the Government should   follow   the provisions of article 363 of the Family Code , which asks the President of the Republic to set the maximal amount by presidential order . The bride price will then retain its symbolic value .
 There had never been any doubt in his mind that the focus of the Special Representative 's work  in all four areas of his mandate  was advocacy . That was why he had always insisted that , while it was the Special Representative 's role to gain commitments from parties to conflict and the Security Council 's role to pass resolutions ,   following   up those commitments and resolutions could only be done through a United Nations presence on the ground . With regard to monitoring and reporting , advocacy work could be carried out not on the basis of a general moral appeal , but on the basis of very specific standards and how those standards were being violated on the ground .
 In that regard , the Kimberley process for the certification of rough diamonds has demonstrated that financial institutions and insurance and transportation companies both have the capacity and expertise to contribute to the implementation of sanctions . We believe that this is an example which could be   followed   . Terrorism is no longer a localized problem that can be solved through domestic actions alone , and the Chairman 's report is quite clear on this .
 It also requested JIU , when appropriate , to provide in its reports information on estimated financial implications or possible cost savings resulting from implementation of the recommendations formulated therein . In the same resolution , the Assembly called upon JIU to   follow   up the implementation of its recommendations and include the relevant information regularly in its annual reports . Furthermore , in paragraph 5 -LRB- e -RRB- -LRB- iii -RRB- of its resolution 48/218 B , in which it established OIOS , the Assembly decided that the Board of Auditors and JIU should be provided with copies of all final reports produced by OIOS , as well as the comments of the Secretary-General thereon , and should provide the Assembly with their comments , as appropriate .
 In paragraph 1 -LRB- c -RRB- of its decision INC-7/3 , the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee for an International Legally Binding Instrument for Implementing International Action on Certain Persistent Organic Pollutants decided to submit to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and possible decision the draft format for a register of specific exemptions contained in annex III to decision INC-7/3 , which is reproduced in annex I to the present note . In paragraph 2 of decision INC-7/3 , the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee requested the Secretariat to establish a provisional register   following   the format referred to in paragraph 1 -LRB- c -RRB- of decision INC-7/3 until such time as a decision was taken by the Conference of the Parties on the format of the register . The provisional register was made publicly available by the Secretariat on 17 May 2004 -LRB- the date of entry into force of the Convention -RRB- by posting it on the official web site of the Convention : www.pops.int .
 The Burkina Faso delegation had recently called upon the international community to provide effective support for the monitoring and evaluation mechanism at the levels of the Economic and Social Council -LRB- ECOSOC -RRB- and of the General Assembly , with a view to the full and coordinated implementation of the commitments made in favour of LDCs for the decade 2001-2010 . Lastly , Burkina Faso invited the General Assembly to provide more facilities to the representatives of LDCs , ensuring fully their participation in the annual substantive meetings of ECOSOC , at which the   follow   up of the BPoA was examined . The meeting rose at 4.25 p.m .
 Table 4 Population of cities with 10 million inhabitants or more , 1950 , 1975 , 2005 and 2015 By 2015 , Tokyo will remain the largest urban agglomeration , with 36.2 million inhabitants ,   followed   by Mumbai -LRB- Bombay -RRB- , Delhi , Mexico City and So Paulo , all of which are expected to have at least or more than 20 million inhabitants . The proportion of people living in very large urban agglomerations or mega-cities is relatively small .
 Net migration accounted for two thirds of the population growth in the more developed regions . The largest gains took place in Northern America , which absorbed about 1.4 million migrants annually ,   followed   by Europe with an annual net gain of over 1 million . At the end of 2003 , the number of refugees in the world stood at 15 million , of which approximately 10 million were under the mandate of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees -LRB- UNHCR -RRB- and 5 million under the mandate of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East .
 Of the total number of employed population from age group 65 and over , only 6.0 % were enrolled in non-agricultural activities . Similar trends in the distribution of employed population by level of education were recorded in 2002 : persons with specialty education were predominant - 26.0 %   followed   by persons with secondary education -LRB- 22.0 % -RRB- and incomplete secondary education -LRB- 19.4 % -RRB- . Of the total employed population , persons with university degrees represented 12.6 % .
 Membership of the Special Committee As at 9 February 2004 , the Special Committee was composed of the   following   25 members : A list of representatives who attended the meetings of the Special Committee in 2004 appears in document A/AC.109/2004/INF/1 .
 Commission on Human Rights During the year , the Special Committee closely   followed   the work of the Commission on Human Rights with regard to the question of the right of peoples to self-determination and its application to peoples under colonial domination , and to the question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms in any part of the world , with particular reference to colonial and other dependent Territories . The Special Committee further took into account the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly , including resolutions 58/149 , 58/158 , 58/161 and 58/172 of 22 December 2003 .
 Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination During the year , having regard to the relevant provisions of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the Special Committee continued to   follow   the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination . Specialized agencies and international institutions associated with the United Nations
 Regional intergovernmental organizations Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the African Union , the Caribbean Community -LRB- CARICOM -RRB- and the Pacific Islands Forum on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of these regional intergovernmental organizations . Movement of Non-Aligned Countries
 Among practical measures to improve women 's access to justice , Governments established or funded legal aid clinics and legal service agencies catering to women .  Following   a recommendation by a women 's forum in 2000 , Burkina Faso created the national legal aid commission to give disadvantaged persons , many of whom are women , access to courts without cost . Capacity-building and information activities , often directed at public officials , included training activities , workshops , video presentations and information and reference materials .
 Some countries provided data on the incidence of HIV/AIDS among specific groups of women . Mexico reported that the worst-affected group of women were female prison inmates -LRB- 1.4 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by women suffering from tuberculosis -LRB- 0.6 per cent -RRB- , female sex workers -LRB- 0.35 per cent -RRB- and pregnant women -LRB- 0.09 per cent -RRB- . Djibouti confirmed young women 's vulnerability : according to a 2002 survey , the incidence of HIV/AIDS was 2.9 per cent among all women in the country , although as high as 6 per cent among women aged between 15 and 35 .
 In 2003 , in countries along the Balkan route , heroin seizures increased by 72 per cent , to 7 tons , or 13 per cent of the world total . Turkey continued to account for the largest volume seized ; it was   followed   by Bulgaria . In the Russian Federation , heroin seizures increased more than twofold , to 3.2 tons .
 Since 2001 , Thailand has reported the largest volume of methamphetamine seizures . In 2003 , the largest volume of methamphetamine seizures was reported by Thailand -LRB- 8.6 tons -RRB- ,   followed   by China -LRB- 5.8 tons -RRB- . Together , those two countries accounted for 62 per cent of global methamphetamine seizures .
 The bulk of Ecstasy interdiction continued to be in Western and Central Europe -LRB- accounting for 58 per cent of global seizures -RRB- . In 2003 , the second most affected region was Oceania -LRB- accounting for 23 per cent of global seizures -RRB- ,   followed   by North America -LRB- 10 per cent -RRB- , East and South-East Asia -LRB- 5 per cent -RRB- and other subregions -LRB- 4 per cent -RRB- . The largest volumes of Ecstasy were seized in Australia and the Netherlands in 2003 , each accounting for 25 per cent of global seizures -RRB- .
 By letters dated 10 December 2003 , the Registrar notified the request for an advisory opinion to all States entitled to appear before the Court , in accordance with Article 66 , paragraph 1 , of the Statute . By a letter dated 11 December 2003 , the Government of Israel informed the Court of its position on the request for an advisory opinion and on the procedure to be   followed   . By an Order of 19 December 2003 , the Court decided that the United Nations and its Member States were likely , in accordance with Article 66 , paragraph 2 , of the Statute , to be able to furnish information on all aspects raised by the question submitted to the Court for an advisory opinion and fixed 30 January 2004 as the time-limit within which written statements might be submitted to it on the question in accordance with Article 66 , paragraph 4 , of the Statute .
 Nigeria has also established a database of its nationals in the United States that it hopes to use in contractual and consultancy work . These activities are   following   the Republic of Korea 's strategy . InterAcademy Council -LRB- 2004 -RRB- .
 Audit objections , to these or any other transactions , arising during the examination of the accounts shall be communicated immediately to the Registrar . The Auditor -LRB- or such of its officers as it may designate -RRB- shall express and sign an opinion on the financial statements which shall read as   follows   : We have examined the following appended financial statements , numbered to , properly identified , and relevant schedules of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea for the financial period ended 31 December . Our examination included a general review of the accounting procedures and such tests of the accounting records and other supporting evidence as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
 It is not wise to add international confusion , to what is already an oversupply of local confusion . Therefore , in my view , and following our long experience in this part of the world , our actions should be guided by the following steps. First and foremost , any political problem should be solved by the citizens of the country in question ,   following   democratic principles and guided by belief in the equality of all persons before the law . That should be step number one .
 The Secretary-General had asked that the United Nations be a leading example of responsible corporate citizenship in its administrative practices .  Following   the Secretary-General 's request and a subsequent study , the Representative of the Secretary-General had organized a specialized working group to cover the areas of procurement , facilities management , the Capital Master Plan , investment management , human resources management and organizational integrity . The market value of the Fund 's assets had increased to $ 26 , 589 million on 31 March 2004 , from $ 21 , 789 million on 31 March 2002 , an increase of $ 4 , 800 million , or 22 per cent .
 The United Nations and the Pension Fund accounts were kept in United States dollars , and it was better to maintain that policy . Approximately 86 per cent of the world 's currency reserves were held in United States dollars ,   followed   by the euro , with about 13 to 14 per cent . Balancing the Fund 's investments according to expected currency fluctuations was a very delicate task , since the expected capital gains often overrode the currency considerations .
 Support for action These actions can be supported by women 's organizations and gender advisers who can assist Governments with the   following   : This would enable women 's organizations to actively engage in the monitoring process and to point out indicators that recognize the needs of women and poor communities ;
 The report not only contains the names of 7 , 800 persons who lost their lives in what were certainly the most tragic of all the events in the conflict and discloses several new locations of mass graves , but also accepts the share of responsibility placed upon Republika Srpska and expresses remorse to the families of the victims . Crimes were committed on all sides , as we all know , and we expect all sides that were involved in the conflict to   follow   this example , since there will be no true reconciliation or restoration of trust until all missing persons are accounted for . We are well aware of the fact that cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia -LRB- ICTY -RRB- remains one of the greatest obstacles to Bosnia and Herzegovina 's association with Euro-Atlantic integration processes .
 -LRB- b -RRB- Space-systems-based disaster management support , proposed by Canada , China , Colombia , France , India , Indonesia , Morocco and Nigeria -LRB- A/AC.105/C.1/2004/CRP.20/Rev.1 -RRB- . The Working Group of the Whole also noted that the   following   single issue/item for discussion had been proposed for inclusion in the agenda for the forty-second session of the Subcommittee : Support to proclaim 2007 as the International Geophysical Year/International Heliophysical Year , proposed by the United States of America -LRB- A/AC.105/C.1/2004/CRP.21 -RRB- . The Working Group agreed that , starting with its forty-second session , in 2005 , it would consider an item on space-system-based disaster management support according to the following multi-year workplan :
 However , the complexities in these negotiations , and in protecting the interests of developing countries in non-agricultural market access , might raise doubts in this regard . He hoped that the agreement to negotiate on trade facilitation , and on none of the other three Singapore issues , would be   followed   in the WTO , since the multilateral trading system had already gone too far in undermining domestic policy space . There might have been a step back for the LDCs , since in Cancn WTO members had been nearing a consensus to provide LDCs duty- and quota-free market access in both agriculture and non-agricultural market access , whereas in the July Package the commitment on agriculture was on a best endeavour basis and the commitment on non-agricultural market access was less than mandatory .
 Source : The work force in Lebanon and family living standards , 1997 . The majority of women work in the service sector , which claims about 62.6 % of the total number of working women ,   followed   by the commerce sector -LRB- 14.4 % of working women -RRB- and industry -LRB- 14.7 % -RRB- , and 4 % of the total number of women work in the agricultural sector . The percentage of women 's participation in the industrial sector decreased from 20.2 % in 1970 to 14 % in 1996 , while their participation in the commerce and service sectors increased .
 Paragraph -LRB- 6 -RRB- of article 17 bis should be deleted in its entirety. An additional proposal for the replacement of paragraph -LRB- 7 -RRB- read as   follows   : Due to the absence of sufficient time , the Working Group did not discuss those proposals in detail .
 Delegates further noted that modalities of involving non-United Nations actors needed to be carefully worked out . In addition , a number of delegates noted the importance of having inter-agency work on sustainable development derive from , and closely   follow   , the intergovernmental mandates reflected in the Plan of Implementation . The Plan of Implementation clearly identified areas in which inter-agency cooperation and coordination were needed .
 The session was attended by representatives of the following States members of the Working Group : Algeria , Argentina , Australia , Austria , Belgium , Brazil , Canada , China , Colombia , Croatia , Czech Republic , France , Germany , Guatemala , India , Iran -LRB- Islamic Republic of -RRB- , Italy , Japan , Kenya , Mexico , Morocco , Nigeria , Republic of Korea , Russian Federation , Singapore , Spain , Sweden , Thailand , Tunisia , Turkey , United States of America , Venezuela and Zimbabwe . The session was attended by observers from the   following   States : Congo , Denmark , Egypt , Finland , Indonesia , Iraq , Ireland , New Zealand , Peru , Philippines , Romania , Sudan , Ukraine and Yemen . The session was further attended by observers from the following international organizations : -LRB- a -RRB- intergovernmental organizations : African Development Bank , Asian Clearing Union , European Commission and the Hague Conference on Private International Law ; -LRB- b -RRB- non-governmental organizations invited by the Commission : American Bar Association , Centre for International Legal Studies , International Chamber of Commerce and the European Law Students ' Association .
 Resources of the Fund shall be allocated by the Council only for pre-projects and projects for the purpose set out in paragraph 1 of this article and approved in accordance with articles 24 and 25 . In allocating resources of the Fund , the Council shall   follow   establish ed criteria and priorities for use of the fund , taking into account : -LRB- a -RRB- The needs of members for assistance in achieving the exports of tropical timber and timber products from sustainably managed sources ;
 The last general elections in Gibraltar were held on 27 November 2003 . The incumbent Gibraltar Social Democratic Party -LRB- GSD -RRB- obtained 51 per cent of the vote ,   followed   by the Gibraltar Socialist Labour Party which , in alliance with the Liberal Party , obtained 40 per cent of the vote . Peter Caruana , leader of the Gibraltar Social Democratic Party , was reappointed Chief Minister of Gibraltar. Joseph Bossano continues as Leader of the Opposition .
 Armenia fully supports and endorses IAEA efforts to enhance the safety and security of radioactive sources . In a letter to the IAEA Director General in August 2004 , Armenia 's Foreign Minister informed him of my country 's commitment to   follow   and promote the guidance contained in the IAEA Code of Conduct on the Safety and Security of Radioactive Sources and to encourage other countries to do the same . On 10 September 2004 , during the Group of Eight -LRB- G-8 -RRB- Senior Officials Group meeting with the former Soviet Union States in Geneva , Armenia was recognized as a participant in the G-8 Action Plan on Non-Proliferation and accepted the guidelines contained therein .
 Moreover , the United Nations system in general , and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs in particular , needs to further strengthen its activities by , inter alia , integrating the family perspective in the work of its funds , programmes and agencies . The United Nations should also   follow   up and effectively monitor implementation by all Member States of its various resolutions on the family . In doing so , it needs to adequately address the adverse consequences of calamities such as poverty , drugs , unemployment , natural disasters and conflicts on the stability and the sustainability of families in different countries .
 We believe this is one of the most important conditions for the successful development of Kyrgyzstan 's economy . The appropriate security services and law-enforcement structures of Kyrgyzstan have been taking practical and investigative steps within their areas of responsibility to   follow   up the situation connected with the issues raised in Security Council resolutions 1455 -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , 1333 -LRB- 2000 -RRB- and 1390 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . So far , no funds , other financial assets or economic resources of the Taliban movement or Al-Qaida have been found in Kyrgyzstan , no individuals belonging to those organizations have been detected entering or transiting through its territory and no cases of direct or indirect supply , sale or transfer to such individuals of weapons , ammunition or vehicles have been found .
 A results-based-budgeting format requires the Organization to link its objectives and inputs to expected accomplishments to be measured by indicators of achievement . The Board noted the   following   : -LRB- a -RRB- Notwithstanding the fact that the heads of divisions and chiefs of units/sections responsible for the preparation of budgets for the biennium 2004-2005 were provided with detailed information on results-based budgeting to familiarize themselves with the concepts , they did not gain a thorough understanding of the requirements ;
 This can be done through arbitration and mediation centres or through the appointment of an ombudsman . In one LDC , UNCTAD identified the need for a statutory mechanism to settle investment disputes outside the court system , and recommended appointing an investment mediator ,   following   the example of the Investment Ombudsman in the Republic of Korea . The Office of the Investment Ombudsman -LRB- OIO -RRB- in the Republic of Korea was established in 1999 as a non-profit organization within Invest KOREA .
 The Government had a responsibility to guarantee not only formal equality through the laws but also real equality . It could   follow   the example set by other States by setting up microcredit and other special programmes . Ms. Morvai pointed out that early motherhood had a devastating effect on gender equality .
 Those project proposals and their summaries are available on the Basel Convention 's web site -LRB- http : //www.basel.int -RRB- .  Following   the decisions of the Working Group at its first and second sessions , the Secretariat made arrangements for the disbursement of funds for the 21 project proposals in consultation with the originators of these proposals and in accordance with the requirements of the United Nations Environment Programme -LRB- UNEP -RRB- for the preparation and approval of project documents . Arrangements for funding have been completed for 20 projects and they are currently at various stages of implementation , with the exception of the regional project for assessment and recycling of used oils in Africa , which is expected to be initiated in the near future .
 E -RRB- Follow-up and evaluation A realistic international performance evaluation and benchmarking -LRB- both qualitative and quantitative -RRB- , through comparable statistical indicators and research results , should be developed to   follow   up the implementation of the objectives , goals and targets in the Plan of Action , taking into account different national circumstances . a -RRB- In cooperation with each country concerned , develop and launch a composite ICT Development -LRB- Digital Opportunity -RRB- Index .
 d -RRB- Gender-specific indicators on ICT use and needs should be developed , and measurable performance indicators should be identified to assess the impact of funded ICT projects on the lives of women and girls . e -RRB- Develop and launch a website on best practices and success stories , based on a compilation of contributions from all stakeholders , in a concise , accessible and compelling format ,   following   the internationally-recognized web accessibility standards . The website could be periodically updated and turned into a permanent experience-sharing exercise .
 E -RRB- Follow-up and evaluation A realistic international performance evaluation and benchmarking -LRB- both qualitative and quantitative -RRB- , through comparable statistical indicators and research results , should be developed to   follow   up the implementation of the objectives , goals and targets in the Plan of Action , taking into account different national circumstances . a -RRB- In cooperation with each country concerned , develop and launch a composite ICT Development -LRB- Digital Opportunity -RRB- Index .
 d -RRB- Gender-specific indicators on ICT use and needs should be developed , and measurable performance indicators should be identified to assess the impact of funded ICT projects on the lives of women and girls . e -RRB- Develop and launch a website on best practices and success stories , based on a compilation of contributions from all stakeholders , in a concise , accessible and compelling format ,   following   the internationally-recognized web accessibility standards . The website could be periodically updated and turned into a permanent experience-sharing exercise .
 Notes with concern the violations of the rule that parliamentary documents must be distributed simultaneously in all official languages ; Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the rules concerning the simultaneous distribution of documents in all official languages are   followed   with respect to both the distribution of printed copies and the posting of parliamentary documentation on the Official Document System of the United Nations and the United Nations web site , in keeping with section III , paragraph 5 , of resolution 55/222 ; Notes with concern the non-compliance with rule 59 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly , and requests the Secretary-General to ensure the communication of resolutions adopted by the Assembly to Member States within fifteen days after the closure of the session ;
 In such a situation , too , the applicant will have to make good his undertaking to pay damages . Singapore 's court practice in relation to interim orders of protection   follows   that of England and other common law countries . H. Spain
 The cooperation agreement between UNIDO and UNDP also clearly indicates that cooperation at the country level can be strengthened by increasing UNIDO presence in the field to up to 80 countries . This will be achieved   following   a phased approach which will focus on : -LRB- a -RRB- the establishment of UNIDO Desks in UNDP country offices at locations where UNIDO does not have an office ; -LRB- b -RRB- the conversion of UNIDO Country Offices into UNIDO Desks ; and -LRB- c -RRB- the establishment of UNIDO Regional Technical Centres , and where feasible , joint UNIDO/UNDP Regional Technical Centres . This portion of the agreement also focuses on the modus operandi at the field level .
 Further delay would make the results irrelevant , given the new challenges confronting the Mission . The Board of Auditors should   follow   up the matter and changes in post levels and organizational structure should be postponed pending the results of the review . The Advisory Committee had taken note of the financial performance report of UNIKOM for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003 -LRB- A/58/759/Add.12 -RRB- .
 The enhancement of the professional competence of the civil service continues to pose a major challenge , as does the need to insulate the civil service from political interference . For example , cases of municipal civil servants who have not   followed    and have not been requested to do so by the Ministry of Public Services  the civil service rules that require them to resign or take unpaid leave as a result of their candidacy in the elections have been frequently reported during the period under review . While the Provisional Institutions have to bear the burden of the achievement of standards for Kosovo , their task has been considerably complicated by the continued existence of Serbian parallel structures which take orders from Belgrade and contribute to the alienation of the Kosovo Serbs from mainstream politics and the public administration .
 All parties have claimed that they do not wish to see a deterioration of the situation along the Blue Line . Given the potential for any incident to escalate , we urge the Governments of Lebanon and Israel to   follow   up their stated intentions to ensure calm along the Blue Line with actions on the ground and to refrain from further hostile acts . If I may say a word about Syria and Israel , on the instructions of the Secretary-General , Mr. Roed-Larsen met last week with Presidents Katzav , Lahoud and Assad , as well as with other Israeli , Lebanese and Syrian officials in order to explore ways in which it might be possible to make headway on the Lebanese and Syrian tracks .
 At the third session of the Open-ended Working Group in April 2004 , a representative of the Secretariat recalled that in a number of decisions -LRB- VI/37 , VI/20 , VI/21 and VI/22 -RRB- , the Conference of the Parties had requested Parties to report on their experiences in implementing technical guidelines adopted by the Conference of the Parties and noted that few had done so . One representative called for the adoption of a decision by the Working Group inviting Parties to report on their experience in implementing the technical guidelines and requesting the Secretariat to compile the Parties ' reports for the attention of the Conference of the Parties. The Open-ended Working Group accordingly adopted decision OEWG-III/9 , the operative paragraphs of which   follow   :  -LRB- a -RRB- Invites Parties and others to provide comments to the Secretariat on their experiences and assessment of the implementation of the existing technical guidelines on the environmentally sound management of hazardous wastes and the identified practical difficulties and obstacles in their implementation by 31 July 2004 ;
 Hence , though maintaining the original template of the Millennium Declaration , subsequent conferences and summits forged additional partnerships and a coalition of networks to leverage the value of their commitments and activities.6 The   following   are regarded as the key components of a poverty reduction strategy :  Ensuring support for economic and social initiatives that have a core focus on poverty reduction
 He thanks the Governments of Argentina , Colombia and India for their replies and hopes to receive responses from other Governments . While monitoring allegations of violations , the Special Rapporteur has also   followed   positive developments with respect to the right to food . These have included developments in Brazil 's Fome Zero -LRB- Zero Hunger -RRB- programme and initiatives in Sierra Leone .
 In accordance with his mandate , the Special Rapporteur also kept abreast of new research in the field of food and water . He has particularly   followed   the work of a non-profit NGO called Antenna Technologie , based in Geneva . Antenna is working to develop simple , low-cost and sustainable technologies to improve the lives of poor communities around the world .
 The Special Rapporteur is particularly concerned that restrictions in the document preparation system have sometimes prevented him from suitably reflecting the outcome of his fact-finding missions , and that his currently limited resources may prevent him from responding effectively to appeals and requirements for on-the-spot visits . Finally , the Special Rapporteur wishes to inform the General Assembly that he has begun a process of   following   up the recommendations of his reports during his visits . In that connection , and always in close consultation with government , civil society and United Nations agencies , an analysis is made of the most appropriate ways of helping national institutions to put those recommendations into practice .
 Participation of Member States and organizations in action teams established by the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space Note : The   following   abbreviations are used in the table : a The recommendations have been numbered in accordance with their order of appearance in the resolution entitled The Space Millennium : Vienna Declaration for Space and Human Development , adopted by UNISPACE III .
 Poverty as a violation of human rights -LRB- E/CN.4/Sub.2/2004/44 -RRB- -LRB- Mr. Bengoa -RRB- . The Sub-Commission also considered the reports of the   following   intersessional and sessional working groups : Report of the sessional working group on the administration of justice -LRB- E/CN.4/Sub.2/2004/6 -RRB- ;
 Conclusions and issues for further consideration The SBSTA Chair , Mr. Abdullatif Benrageb , distributed and presented an informal two-page note highlighting some of the key themes and conclusions that he had noted as emerging from the workshop . This was   followed   by a brief discussion in which participants mentioned the following key issues as possible areas for further consideration : Providing support to regional institutions with competitive advantages in specific fields of education , training and public awareness may be the most suitable and effective way to initiate action in these areas in Africa ; There is a need to identify specific opportunities for regional cooperation , for example , in launching a regional strategy on education and training , or in establishing a regional network on Article 6 . Such initiatives could be explored through the establishment of partnerships with businesses and NGOs , as well as by strengthening existing regional and subregional efforts such as those developed by CILSS/AGRYMET and the African Development Bank ; In the areas of awareness raising and capacity-building activities for the implementation of Article 6 , the NEPAD initiative provides an important channel through which the capacity of African countries to implement global and regional environmental agreements -LRB- including UNFCCC -RRB- can be strengthened .
 A small-scale project activity that is part of a large project activity is not eligible to use the simplified modalities and procedures for small-scale afforestation and reforestation project activities under the CDM . The full project activity or any component of the full project activity shall   follow   the regular modalities and procedures for afforestation and reforestation project activities under the CDM . A proposed small-scale afforestation or reforestation project activity shall be deemed to be a debundled component of a large project activity if there is a registered small-scale afforestation or reforestation project activity under the CDM or an application to register another small-scale project activity under the CDM :
 The independent expert firmly believes that it is vital for the Commission to remain attentive to the question of extreme poverty in connection with human rights , and she recommends that this mandate be renewed . The independent expert has   followed   the work of the Sub-Commission and has already associated herself with the definition of extreme poverty as a violation of human dignity and all human rights -LRB- see E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/13 -RRB- . She hopes that this effort to clarify concepts will be continued .
 Annex II refers to pertinent records of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies .  Following   established practice , the annual report in draft form was distributed in advance to the 10 members of the Advisory Commission , whose relevant comments and observations were given careful consideration . The draft report was discussed with the Commission at a meeting held in Amman on 30 September 2004 .
 Such counselling services were offered to pupils in the Agency 's preparatory schools and government secondary schools to familiarize them with the training courses available at the Agency 's training centres . The Agency continued to   follow   the employment histories of its graduates and their career performance after the initial period of employment . Of the 2 , 258 graduates from UNRWA vocational training centres in 2001/2002 , 1 , 764 -LRB- 78 per cent -RRB- were employed in 2003 , a 5 per cent increase from the previous year .
 Modifications to or cancellation of administrative issuances should only be promulgated by another administrative issuance of the same or higher rank , as amendments or revisions of the original documents . The Secretariat has continued to   follow   the provisions of Secretary-General 's bulletins ST/SGB/1997/1 and ST/SGB/1997/2 for the promulgation of administrative issuances , their abolition and amendment or revision . The Department of Management continues to work in close cooperation with the Office of Legal Affairs to ensure compliance with and respect of the principle of the hierarchy of legal norms .
 When article 96 applies , modifications agreed upon only orally are invalid . For all other cases it   follows   from article 11 as a general principle of the Convention that the parties are free to modify or terminate their contract in any form be it either in writing or orally or in any other form . Even an implied termination of the contract has been held possible ; furthermore , it has been held that a written contract may be orally changed .
 Nigeria has also established a database of its nationals in the United States that it hopes to use in contractual and consultancy work . These activities are   following   the Republic of Korea 's strategy . InterAcademy Council -LRB- 2004 -RRB- .
 International Confederation of Free Trade Unions Special Category International Federation of Freight Forwarders Associations The   following   panelists participated in the meeting : Mr. Souleymane Coulibaly , University of Lausanne
 The Director of the Department of International Protection presented the Note on International Protection -LRB- EC/54/SC/CRP.9 -RRB- . She explained that this year 's Note   followed   the structure of the Agenda for Protection , thereby reporting on the latter 's implementation at the same time as bringing to attention problems and setbacks , as well as advances . The Agenda brought home that protection was about more than promotion of legal regimes and extended to a complex of activities from registration to gender mainstreaming .
 The view was expressed that the subject of space debris was extremely important for the preservation of the outer space environment , so that all developing countries would be able to explore outer space with no constraints . The view was expressed that the burden of   following   IADC space debris mitigation guidelines was not the same for developed countries as it was for developing countries and therefore the former should help the latter in following the guidelines . The view was expressed that the technological and financial means for the mitigation of space debris should be provided to developing countries , in order to enable them to step up their efforts to reduce space debris within their own space capabilities .
 The view was expressed that the subject of space debris was extremely important for the preservation of the outer space environment , so that all developing countries would be able to explore outer space with no constraints . The view was expressed that the burden of following IADC space debris mitigation guidelines was not the same for developed countries as it was for developing countries and therefore the former should help the latter in   following   the guidelines . The view was expressed that the technological and financial means for the mitigation of space debris should be provided to developing countries , in order to enable them to step up their efforts to reduce space debris within their own space capabilities .
 Regulation 411 is to be amended so as to mandate , in addition , enhanced scrutiny with regards to electronic transfers between Israel and designated countries that are vulnerable to money laundering and connected to terror financing . In addition , the Prohibition on Money Laundering -LRB- The Banking Corporations ' Requirements regarding Identification , Recording and Record-Keeping -RRB- Order , 5761-2001 provides that the   following   transactions , among others , may be deemed unusual transactions and hence reported to IMPA :  Transfers of a substantial amount from Israel abroad and from abroad to Israel , where the counterparty to the transaction , whether the source or recipient , is not identified by name or account number .
 Commission on Human Rights During the year , the Special Committee closely   followed   the work of the Commission on Human Rights with regard to the question of the right of peoples to self-determination and its application to peoples under colonial domination , and to the question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms in any part of the world , with particular reference to colonial and other dependent Territories . The Special Committee further took into account the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly , including resolutions 57/183 , 57/192 , 57/197 , 57/203 and 57/223 of 18 December 2002 .
 Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination During the year , having regard to the relevant provisions of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the Special Committee continued to   follow   the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination -LRB- see also paras. 64 and 65 below -RRB- . Specialized agencies and international institutions associated with the United Nations
 African Union Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the African Union on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of the African Union . Caribbean Community
 Caribbean Community Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the Caribbean Community -LRB- CARICOM -RRB- on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of CARICOM . Pacific Islands Forum
 Moreover , rule 19 of the rules of procedure states that the Bureau of the Commission is to consist of seven members -LRB- i.e. four members from Lists A and C combined , two members from List B and one member from List D , referred to in the annex to General Assembly resolution 1995 -LRB- XIX -RRB- as amended -RRB- . Accordingly ,   following   the cycle of rotation established after UNCTAD IX , the bureau for the ninth session of the Commission will be as follows : Chairperson from List C ; Rapporteur from List A -LRB- Africa -RRB- ; and five Vice-Chairpersons -LRB- 2 from lists A and C combined , 2 from List B and 1 from List D -RRB- . Item 2 : Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
 In that regard , there are no militias in Lebanon . The Lebanese national resistance appeared   following   the Israeli occupation of Lebanese territory and will remain as long as the Israelis occupy parts of Lebanon , because we look forward to putting an end to the Israeli occupation . The resistance forces exist alongside the Lebanese national forces ; our military authorities determine their presence and their size according to our needs .
 Of a total of 123 projects , 97 projects have now been completed since April 2001 . Most of the projects have been implemented in the sector of water/sanitation -LRB- 51 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by education -LRB- 46 per cent -RRB- and health -LRB- 23 per cent -RRB- . The Government of Norway has recently pledged a contribution of $ 250 , 000 to the Trust Fund .
 Human rights UNMEE continued to   follow   up with local civilian and security officials reports of individuals of the other nationality arrested or reported missing on either side of the Temporary Security Zone , and maintained regular contact with their families . The Mission was recently granted access to visit an Eritrean held at Badme police station and followed up on the case .
 -LRB- a -RRB- Accreditation will be open to all non-governmental organizations that are in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council and to all non-governmental organizations and business sector entities accredited to the International Conference on Financing for Development or to its follow-up process ; -LRB- b -RRB- Interested non-governmental organizations and business sector entities that are not in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council or were not accredited to the International Conference on Financing for Development shall apply to the General Assembly for accreditation   following   the accreditation procedure established during the International Conference ; -LRB- c -RRB- The above arrangements concerning participation of non-governmental organizations and business sector entities in the High-level Dialogue will in no way create a precedent for other meetings of the General Assembly ;
 Such a visit would provide a privileged opportunity to establish a direct dialogue with the Israeli authorities and ascertain their position on the situation in the OPT and the occupied Syrian Golan . The Special Committee , which has   followed   with great attention the work of the International Court of Justice in relation to the advisory opinion , requests the Government of Israel , the Palestinian Authority and States Members of the United Nations to take action in accordance with the advisory opinion . The Special Committee urges national and international media to give wide coverage to the plight of Palestinians in the OPT and Palestinian refugees in neighbouring countries .
 We believe that reform is a process that should be continually moving forward . In the case of the General Assembly , we are taking an additional step today that we expect will be   followed   by others , leading ultimately to a streamlined and more relevant institution . We fully subscribe to the proposition that the General Assembly should enhance its role and authority .
 UNOWA was also able to develop useful mechanisms and to promote plans of action for enhancing linkages with other United Nations entities and important national and international partners , including ECOWAS , the European Union , the Mano River Union and civil society organizations ; to support peacemaking efforts in the subregion , especially in Cte d'Ivoire and Liberia ; and to undertake in-depth studies on complex issues affecting the subregion , as well as field missions aimed at assessing developments in tension-prone areas . Although not specifically provided for in the mandate of the Office , the review further touches on the additional task that I have entrusted to my Special Representative in his capacity as Chairman of the Cameroon-Nigeria Mixed Commission , which is charged with   following   up on the implementation of the decision of the International Court of Justice of October 2002 on land and maritime boundaries between the two countries . Promoting an integrated regional approach to the wide-ranging and complex challenges facing West Africa remains a long-term process requiring sustained interaction between UNOWA and its key partners in the subregion .
 This determination is then expeditiously reviewed in court . Of 22 cases where this process has been   followed   , 11 cases were reviewed in 1 to 2 months , 3 cases in 3 to 4 months , 4 cases in 6 to 13 months and 1 case is ongoing . 4.10 The State party refers to the Committee 's jurisprudence that an individual 's insistence not to leave a State 's territory is relevant to the article 9 assessment .
 The author has not argued , much less established , any such exception here , and thus it would be appropriate for the Committee to defer to the Canadian authorities ' assessment of the facts and law . Secondly , the State party pleads national security grounds in connection with the procedures   followed   . In its jurisprudence , the Committee has held that it is not for the Committee to test a sovereign State 's evaluation of an alien 's security rating and that it would defer to such an assessment in the absence of arbitrariness .
 Regular review before a body properly empowered to determine the validity of ongoing detention must be in place . The State party argues that its Parole Board has all these characteristics : it is independent , chaired by a former High Court judge ,   follows   a settled procedure , and has full powers to release prisoners . It examines a case at least annually after 10 years have passed , and possibly earlier and more frequently .
 Furthermore , in its resolution 46/9 , the Commission suggested a number of options for securing a stable and predictable resource base to support the infrastructure and activities funded through voluntary contributions ; and encouraged the Executive Director to continue to pursue his efforts aimed at ensuring cost savings and/or reducing the burden on the support budget and to inform the Commission regularly of those efforts at its intersessional meetings . At its reconvened forty-sixth session , on 26 and 27 November 2003 , the Commission approved the final support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 of the Fund of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme and appropriations for the initial support budget , the initial core programme budget and for technical cooperation activities for the biennium 2004-2005 ,   following   the result-based approach to budgeting . The Commission welcomed the introduction of the consolidated budget for the biennium 2004-2005 , which integrated , at an operational level , the drug , crime and terrorism programmes while maintaining their identities as regards the management of their respective funds .
 Also in this regard the rules of the organization will generally be decisive . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The wording of article 6 closely   follows   that of article 7 of the draft articles on Responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts . The main textual difference is due to the fact that the latter article takes the wording of articles 4 and 5 on State responsibility into account and thus considers the ultra vires conduct of an organ of a State or a person or entity empowered to exercise elements of governmental authority , while the present article only needs to be aligned on article 4 and thus more simply refers to an organ or an agent of an international organization .
 Background  Following   recommendations by the EGTT , the SBSTA at its twentieth session requested the secretariat continue its work on maintaining and improving the system.5 Resource requirements for operating , maintaining and updating TT : CLEAR
 Remedying of environmental damage This annex sets out a common framework to be   followed   in order to choose the most appropriate measures to ensure the remedying of environmental damage . -LRB- a -RRB- `Primary ' remediation is any remedial measure which returns the damaged natural resources and/or impaired services to , or towards , baseline condition ;
 C. Inter-Agency Task Force on Disaster Reduction The Task Force5 has continued to evolve , adapting its programme to current policy requirements and moving to new areas of work addressing emerging issues ,   following   the recommendations contained in the last report on the implementation of the Strategy -LRB- A/58/277 -RRB- . The aim is to strengthen the Task Force as a global mechanism for devising strategies and policies and enhancing coordination .
 However , rates of population growth also vary considerably in the developing world . Africa is the fastest growing major area , at a rate of 2.3 per cent annually ,   followed   by Latin America and the Caribbean -LRB- 1.5 per cent annually -RRB- and Asia -LRB- 1.4 per cent -RRB- . In the developed world , Northern America is still growing at a robust rate of 1.0 per cent per year , whereas Europe has been experiencing a reduction of its population , at a rate of -0.02 per cent annually during 1994-2004 .
 In the Bangkok area , such centers were established in seven hospitals under the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration -LRB- BMA -RRB- in 1998 through the cooperation of the NCWA and BMA . Several centers have also been established in a number of provinces , starting with the Khon Kaen provincial hospital ,   followed   by 20 hospitals under the Ministry of Public Health . However , those centers still require additional support in terms of personnel , budget and information dissemination to the public , so that people will have enough confidence in the centers to make use of them when needed .
 Moreover , the number of cases among women is increasing . The most common risk factor is heterosexual intercourse ,   followed   by injecting drug use . It is also believed that husbands -- due to lack of awareness - are infecting a large number of their wives and unborn children .
 Some States have provided implementation reports in which they admitted difficulties caused , inter alia , by limitations in their implementation capacities . The Committee intends to provide a list of these States , with their concrete requirements for assistance , to the CTC and will   follow   up actively in ensuring that their capacities are enhanced allowing for a fuller implementation of the sanctions measures . Finally , there are States that have not submitted their reports in spite of the concerted efforts of the Committee and the Monitoring Team .
 Twenty Member states -LRB- 15 % -RRB- reported having detected , at one time or another , an individual or entity on the Consolidated List within their jurisdiction . However of those only one Member State   followed   the guidance in full by reporting the names and the actions taken against them . -LRB- c -RRB- Implementing the Assets Freeze -LRB- section III of the Guidance -RRB-
 World Trade Organization The   following   non-governmental organizations were represented at the session : General Category
 One consolation is that there is a growing awareness of the need for accurate statistical information on disability , as demonstrated by the discussions of the ad hoc Committee meetings . The Disability Rights Monitor research in Latin America is an excellent source , and other regions need to   follow   suit . Some of the numbers provided by the United Nations Statistics Division that are based on government reporting vary from 33 per cent disability in the most developed countries to 0.5 per cent in the least developed .
 In that way , as in any other special session of the General Assembly , the utility of multilateral disarmament diplomacy through the convening of SSOD-IV will be recognized and the role of a multilateral system based on compromise will be strengthened . The Chairman -LRB- spoke in Spanish -RRB- : The list of speakers for this meeting has come to an end , but ,   following   the recommendation to keep a rolling list so as to allow us to make efficient use of our time , I shall now call on the next two speakers on my list . I consulted them in advance and they have agreed to speak earlier than scheduled .
 This review was undertaken both in the Committee on Rules and Judicial Practice and in the plenary . In considering such legal and judicial matters , the Tribunal   followed   closely the developments of the rules of procedure of the International Court of Justice and other international courts or tribunals. Some of the main issues which were considered are as follows : Request for advisory opinions under article 138 of the Rules
 Special attention may be given to different approaches of reintegrating youth who were victims and those who were perpetrators . The elaboration of disarmament , demobilization and reintegration programmes should include ways to tailor them towards the special needs of youth , in particular with regard to specific information and access to these processes for young soldiers , skill development and training at demobilization camps for young soldiers and   follow   up of ex-youth soldiers who have been reintegrated in their communities of origin . Evaluation and special programming for youth should incorporate a gender perspective .
 The Board reviewed for the present report a sample of claims that amounted to $ 556 , 425 , 075 , with resulting awards set at $ 30 , 952 , 542 -LRB- Re. the breakdown by categories in annex II -RRB- . The Board reviewed whether UNCC had   followed   its own rules and guidelines , as well as international best practices , regarding principally the information of the parties , the reviewing timeframe , the evidence , and the valuation methodologies . In so doing , the Board was aware that professional opinions on issues such as valuation methods are not internationally uniform .
 France implicitly recognized the new regime . On 13 February , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued the following statement : The French Government has closely   followed   the development of the political crisis in Iran . As the President of the Republic stated on 17 January , the French Government will make no judgement in this matter , nor will it intervene in events which are and must continue to be the responsibility of the Iranians The practice of the French Government , in any case , is to recognize States and not Governments .
 The Board adopted the draft decision contained in document TD/B/51/L.2 on the review of technical cooperation activities of UNCTAD . Statements were made by the representatives of the   following   countries : Brazil -LRB- on behalf of the Group of 77 and China -RRB- , Russian Federation , Peru -LRB- on behalf of the Latin American and Caribbean Group -RRB- , Netherlands -LRB- on behalf of the European Union -RRB- , Colombia , Belarus , Venezuela , Bhutan , China , Switzerland and Cuba . The Board thus concluded its consideration of this agenda item .
 He urged the Special Rapporteurs on freedom of religion or belief and on contemporary forms of racism , racial discrimination , xenophobia and related intolerance to actively explore ways of combating anti-Semitism more effectively in the future . He also said that Member States could   follow   the excellent lead of the Berlin Declaration , which firmly condemned all manifestations of anti-Semitism , and other acts of intolerance , incitement , harassment , or violence against persons or communities based on ethnic origin or religious belief , wherever they occurred . The Afro-Asian Peoples Solidarity Organization -LRB- AAPSO -RRB- organized in 2003 a conference in Cairo on the effects of regional and international incidents on human rights and a meeting on democracy and human rights was held .
 Requests all States , including the administering Powers , to continue to extend their cooperation in the dissemination of information referred to in paragraph 2 above ; Requests the Special Committee to   follow   the implementation of the present resolution and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session . 72nd plenary meeting 9 December 2003
 Such an approach  which my delegation encourages  seeks to enrich the results achieved , having as its sole objective the commitment of the parties  or the strengthening of their resolve  to restore peace . In conclusion , my country hopes that the relevant recommendations of the Council and of the Secretary-General will be swiftly   followed   up  particularly with regard to the regional scope of decisions and projects and the reconstruction of the Guinea-Forestire area , which continues to host many refugees and displaced persons  within the framework of revitalizing and relaunching the Mano River Union . In the hope that the Security Council will take our concerns into account , I would like to express once again our appreciation for the results already achieved by its mission under the wise and skilful leadership of Ambassador Sir Emyr Jones Parry .
 Thus , we run the risk of submerging the world in a war of a thousand years . It is time to put an end to the hypocrisy that permits a situation in which some resolutions are   followed   while others go unheeded . Let us have the courage to recover the original goals of the Assembly .
 Calls upon States to continue to prioritize action on marine pollution from land-based sources as part of their national sustainable development strategies and programmes , in an integrated and inclusive manner , and to advance the implementation of the Global Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment from Land-based Activities and the Montreal Declaration on the Protection of the Marine Environment from Land-based Activities ; Welcomes the adoption of resolution A.962 -LRB- 23 -RRB- by the International Maritime Organization on 5 December 2003 , entitled International Maritime Organization Guidelines on Ship Recycling , and calls upon States to   follow   these Guidelines in order to minimize marine pollution ; Calls upon States to implement strategies and programmes for an integrated ecosystem-based approach to management , developed by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity , the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations and other relevant global and regional organizations , and urges those organizations to cooperate in the development of practical guidance to assist States in this regard ;
 Situation of human rights in Myanmar At its forty-eighth session , in 1992 , the Commission on Human Rights decided to nominate a special rapporteur to establish direct contacts with the Government and the people of Myanmar , including political leaders deprived of their liberty , their families and lawyers , with a view to examining the situation of human rights in Myanmar and   following   any progress made towards the transfer of power to a civilian government and the drafting of a new constitution , the lifting of restrictions on personal freedoms and the restoration of human rights in Myanmar -LRB- Commission resolution 1992/58 -RRB- . The mandate of the Special Rapporteur has been renewed annually since then .
 Those activities increased significantly compared with 2003 , including a 50 per cent rise in the number of recipient non-governmental organizations . The Office   followed   the conduct of the Abkhaz anti-criminal operation in the lower Gali district and visited the detainees . There have been no reports of abuse in connection with that operation .
 E. Latin America and the Caribbean 74 - 82 17 Progress in protecting and promoting human rights depends primarily on actions taken at the national level - actions that are directly linked to the full application of the provisions of core international human rights treaties. However , in order to maximize the impact at the national level of the activities of the United Nations , OHCHR has been systematically pursuing a regional and subregional approach through a variety of complementary means and methods , including , in particular , the   following   : -LRB- a -RRB- Supporting the establishment of regional frameworks for the promotion and protection of human rights ;
 The sponsors of the draft resolution are listed in documents A/C.1/59/L.31 and A/C.1/59/INF/2 and Addenda 1 , 3 , 4 and 5 . The   following   countries have also become sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/59/L.31 : Bulgaria , Ireland , Italy , Kyrgyzstan , Portugal and Serbia and Montenegro . The Chairman -LRB- spoke in Spanish -RRB- : The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/59/L.31 have expressed the wish that the draft resolution be adopted by the Committee without a vote .
 The quality of ODA must be substantially improved and development cooperation should be based on the developing countries ' own priorities and programmes . Her delegation welcomed the efforts of some developed countries to provide direct budget support and encouraged others to   follow   suit , since that was the best way to ensure that developing countries had ownership of development priorities . Expeditious implementation of the Rome Declaration on Harmonization and simplifying of donor procedures could also improve the quality of aid .
 In that context , my delegation would like to emphasize that the Republic of Guinea , which remains faithful to its African humanism and respects its international commitments , will continue to demonstrate understanding in the management of conflicts in the subregion and the humanitarian questions on its own territory . However , my delegation wishes to stress that the international community should   follow   the example of Guinea , which has fulfilled its duties of responsibility- and burden-sharing , and assume its responsibilities and confront current challenges . Today , the south-east of Guinea continues to be a subject of concern for my Government .
 Russia commends the United Nations efforts to draw the attention of international public opinion to the problems of the so-called forgotten emergencies . We share the view that such situations cause human suffering no less that those that are closely   followed   by the international community . We are continuing to provide our contribution to humanitarian assistance in many countries of the world .
 In some cases , programmes have been too far removed from the everyday life activities of the refugee women and have therefore appeared to be irrelevant to their needs . Some vocational training programmes have focused on skills that are not marketable in the refugee context or   follow   traditional patterns that are not sustainable for income-production . Despite those constraints , programmes designed to redress illiteracy and provide income opportunities have often met with great enthusiasm and success .
 The point of adopting them is not to guarantee that the objectively best outcome will always prevail. It is rather to maximize the possibility of achieving Security Council consensus around when it is appropriate or not to use coercive action , including armed force ; to maximize international support for whatever the Security Council decides ; and to minimize the possibility of individual Member States bypassing the Security Council . In considering whether to authorize or endorse the use of military force , the Security Council should always address  whatever other considerations it may take into account  at least the   following   five basic criteria of legitimacy : -LRB- a -RRB- Seriousness of threat .
 The Commission 's expertise in general public international law meant that , in some circumstances , it could provide useful assistance ; at the same time , active contact with selected organizations would help to inform its own work . Those adjustments to the Commission 's working methods should ensure the ongoing relevance of its work to the international community , which was important to small States since the proliferation of international and regional bodies made it physically impossible for them to be represented at or to   follow   the work of all of them . They therefore needed the existence and the vitality of a body like the Commission , which could take a broad overview of the corpus of international law and actively seek to ensure the coherence and effectiveness of the international legal system .
 See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council , 2002 , Supplement No. 2 -LRB- E/2003/22-E/C.12/2002/13 -RRB- , chap. V , paras . * The   following   web site : http : //portal.unesco.org/education . A/56/326 , annex .
 Overall , the quality and consistency of the national audit exercise has been greatly improved over the past four years . OAPR diligently monitors and   follows   up on the progress of the audit exercise - providing country offices with regular feedback on positive areas and areas for improvement . The one area that OAPR needs to continue to work on is the timeliness of the feedback .
 Delete the existing paragraph 15.23 -LRB- b -RRB- and replace it with the following : Assistance to improve capacity at the national level , at the request of members and associate members , for regular monitoring and analysis of transport and tourism issues , especially in developing countries and countries with economies in transition and , in particular , in least developed , landlocked developing and small island developing States ; Delete the existing paragraph 15.23 -LRB- e -RRB- and replace it with the   following   : Promotion of wider participation of all stakeholders , in accordance with rules and procedures , in public/private partnerships in the implementation of policies and decisions. Subprogramme 6 Environment and sustainable development
 Participants particularly noted United Nations General Assembly resolution 58/200 of 23 December 2003 , which reaffirmed the vital role of new technologies in raising the productivity and competitiveness of nations and the need , inter alia , for capacity-building measures promoting the transfer and diffusion of technologies to developing countries and countries in transition . Participants suggested that the following initiatives and proposals could be further considered and   followed   up by United Nations organizations -LRB- based on their respective mandates and approval by their governing bodies -RRB- , other international development partners , the scientific community and the private sector : Formation of a multi-stakeholder forum , involving United Nations specialized agencies and other international bodies together with representatives of government , industry and the scientific community to serve as an ongoing platform for informed dialogue on biotechnology and the way in which its benefits may be used for the enhancement of developing countries .
 The emergency units of both hospitals attended in 2001 a total of 250 , 073 cases , a rise of 13.8 per cent compared with the previous year . The majority cases involved sickness -LRB- 94.5 per cent -RRB-   followed   by pregnancy -LRB- 1.6 per cent -RRB- . Medical consultations at the public hospital totalled 175 , 360 , the majority being in obstetrics/gynaecology , ophthalmology , orthopaedics and traumatology .
 Therefore , in 2003 , income exceeded administrative expenditures by $ 16 , 914 , 542 . Comparative figures for the biennium ended 31 December 2001 were as   follows   : income and administrative expenditure totalled $ 92 , 443 , 127 and $ 108 , 035 , 305 respectively ; therefore , the excess of expenditure over income was $ 15 , 592 , 178 . United Nations Office for Project Services income
 The Board considered the enterprise resource planning system implementation to be a significant event subsequent to the balance sheet date . UNDP was the principal implementing partner and   followed   a fast-track methodology to implement the system . This required the planning and execution of the various phases to be done concurrently and means that the project runs a high risk of errors , omissions and possible failure .
 Also participating were the Secretary-General of the United Nations , the Secretary-General of the League of Arab States , the Secretary-General of the Organization of the Islamic Conference and the representatives of the European Union . They decided upon the   following   : To reaffirm the sovereignty , political independence , territorial integrity and national unity of Iraq , as well as the relevance of the principles of non-interference in internal affairs as articulated in the Charter of the United Nations and the principle of good-neighbourly relations .
 Calls upon the international community to help the LDCs to progressively integrate themselves into the world economy and strengthen LDC 's capacity to participate in the multilateral trading system , including facilitating accession to WTO by those LDC 's which are not already members . Urges developed countries to increase their contributions and initiate new means within the framework of the International Development Strategy and to   follow   the example of countries who converted the debts contracted by the least developed countries into grants in order to facilitate the implementation of the structural adjustment measures undertaken by these countries . Expresses concern at the declining trend in the quantity of ODA to the LDCs and stresses the importance of increasing Official Development Assistance -LRB- ODA -RRB- granted by the developed countries in favour of the developing countries in general and the Least Developed Countries in particular and calls upon developed countries to continue providing their official development assistance in parallel with facilitating the access of the products of the developing and the least developed countries to the markets of developed countries .
 Invites cotton producing and processing Member States as well as specialized OIC institutions and all private individuals to take part in the upcoming meeting on cotton processing to be held in Ouagadougou . Requests the Secretary-General to   follow   up the implementation of this resolution and to submit a report thereon to the 32nd Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers . Annex VI
 Requests the Member States , the Permanent Council of the Islamic Solidarity Fund , the Islamic Development Bank and Charity institutions to accord debts clearance for the Islamic University in Uganda urgent and special priority to enable its managers run its affairs in an appropriate environment . Requests ISESCO to continue programming the follow-up of the University reform in ISESCO 's future plans and programmes , including sending experts to conduct advisory visits to the University once or more annually , if necessary. It requests the University Board of Trustees and Administration to   follow   up the implementation , as soon as possible , of the RESOLUTIONS contained in the report . Commends the consistent support extended by the ISF to finance the greater part of the annual budget of the University. It thanks the ISF for allocating US. $ 100 , 000 to open an account at Rajhi Investment Company as a nucleus for the Waqf of the Islamic University in Uganda .
 The political parties , which are the beneficiaries of social peace , can do no less than the soldiers who have set us an example by opting for immediate , unconditional disarmament . We must   follow   their example . We can not wage war when those fighting on the ground refuse to do so .
 UNHCR made similar progress regarding recruitment as well as the administration of the Housing Maintenance Element , and an e-Learning policy . The Board commends UNHCR for timely implementation of some of its recommendations and will   follow   up on their full implementation . The Board recommended that UNHCR review the finance staffing , based on workload indicators and on benchmarking with comparable United Nations entities .
 Additionally , the document SAICM/PREPCOM.2/2 organizes the presentation of concrete elements according to the six subject headings that were used in Chapter 19 of Agenda 21 . This   follows   the practice that has been used by the Intergovernmental Forum on Chemical Safety -LRB- IFCS -RRB- in its work to seek consensus among governments and others to achieve the implementation of Chapter 19 . SAICM , however , is supposed to be more strategic than Chapter 19 and to incorporate certain key components not fully addressed in Chapter 19 .
 Recalls that , in addition to implementing the revised and corrected awards set out in paragraphs 2 and 4 above , pursuant to paragraphs 1 -LRB- e -RRB- of decision 123 , the Executive Secretary will , within the limits of duly registered claims , carry into effect the decisions of the bilateral committees constituted pursuant to the guidelines annexed to decision 123 when payment is made , Recalls also that , further to decisions of the bilateral committees referred to in paragraph 6 above , the Executive Secretary will , within the limits of duly registered claims , carry into effect their decisions which , as applied to the revised awards of compensation set out in the third special report , increase the awards of compensation to which four category E4 claimants -LRB- claim numbers : 4005390 , 4005631 , 4004367 and 4004865 -RRB- are entitled , as   follows   : Table 9. Distribution of additional amounts to Kuwaiti corporate claimants applying bilateral committee determinations made pursuant to article 2 of the guidelines annexed to decision 123 to recommended awards in the third special report
 -LRB- d -RRB- Reduced administrative charges . Over the last two years , the   following   long-term agreements have been established with a view mainly to supporting UNDP country offices with focus around the three UNDP thematic trust funds listed below to help achieve the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDGs -RRB- , in addition to common user items : -LRB- a -RRB- Democratic governance : long-term agreements for voter registration and polling equipment .
 Endorses the conclusions and recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions , 2 subject to the provisions of the present resolution ; Authorizes the Secretary-General to fill the   following   posts at appropriate grades until 30 June 2005 : Director of the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General ,
 The appropriate tests and methods for the preparation of the extraction liquid can be chosen on the basis of the needs defined by this evaluation phase . Development of a system   following   the steps in this order will result in a coherent procedure . Possible worst-case scenarios
 This will be rolled out to all Posts abroad when secure links are in place . With regard to the issuing of passports , the UKPS   follow   ICAO standards and EU Guidelines . The minimum standards that UKPS use before issuing a passport are that the applicant provides not only proof of identity , but also proof of nationality .
 I have the honour to refer to document S/2004/20 of 14 February 2004 concerning matters of which the Security Council is seized and the stage reached in their consideration . I have the honour to inform you that the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya requests the retention of the   following   items listed in paragraph 8 of the above-mentioned document : The Palestine question .
 In cooperation with the Permanent Observer Mission of Palestine to the United Nations , the Committee will continue to maintain contacts with the Palestinian Authority and other institutions , including civil society , in the areas under its jurisdiction and the rest of the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem .  Following   the practice of the previous years , the Committee will continue to invite Palestinian officials and other Palestinian personalities to meetings with members and observers of the Committee and the Secretariat , as required . The Bureau of the Committee will continue consultations with Governments and intergovernmental organizations interested in its programme of work , including members of the European Union and the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries , as well as the African Union , the League of Arab States , the Organization of the Islamic Conference and others .
 The Provident Fund informed the Board that , where practical , the Fund followed up on loans granted . UNRWA and the Provident Fund agreed with the Board 's recommendation that it should   follow   up on all loans granted to ensure that loans are used for the purposes disclosed in loan applications . UNRWA informed the Board that it had tightened procedures and loan applications had been amended to ensure that the necessary supporting documentation would be provided .
 The microfinance and microenterprise programme operates out of field offices located in the West Bank , Gaza , Jordan and the Syrian Arab Republic . In the tables that   follow   , segment revenue is based on the geographical location of customers . Segment assets are based on the geographical location of assets .
 Tourism is the primary economic activity , accounting for more than 70 per cent of GDP . It is   followed   by the manufacturing sector , which consists of petroleum refining , textiles , electronics , pharmaceuticals and watch and jewellery assembly.14 For the first three quarters of fiscal year 2003 , economic health as measured by employment and output were mixed .
 Chemical process equipment that had been destroyed or rendered harmless was placed in another dedicated area within the Muthanna site . In 1994 , the Muthanna site was closed and a hand-over protocol was signed by Iraq and United Nations Special Commission returning control of the site to Iraq and stating specific procedures to be   followed   by Iraq regarding the management of sealed structures and areas . Figure 1 Muthanna State Establishment , Iraq 's main chemical weapons production facility
 Argentina , Belarus , Belgium , Brazil , Bulgaria , India , Israel , Malta , Portugal , Romania , Russian Federation , and Serbia and Montenegro . -LRB- c -RRB- The designation of the representatives of the   following   18 States Parties had been communicated to the Secretary-General of the Meeting of the States Parties by notes verbales or letters from their Permanent Missions in Geneva : Albania , Australia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Chile , Colombia , Cuba , Cyprus , France , Latvia , Luxembourg , Mexico , Nicaragua , Peru , Philippines , Senegal , South Africa , The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Tunisia .
 The European Union , in accordance with its recently adopted Strategy on the Non-Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction and Their Means of Delivery , supports the universalization and strengthening of the multilateral treaties and agreements in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and would encourage other States which have not yet done so to adhere to these instruments . The European Union firmly believes that Libya can play a pivotal role in encouraging other countries , particularly those in the same region , to   follow   its example and join international efforts to promote disarmament and non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction . The acceding countries Cyprus , the Czech Republic , Estonia , Hungary , Latvia , Lithuania , Malta , Poland , Slovakia and Slovenia , the candidate countries Bulgaria , Romania and Turkey , the countries of the stabilization and association process and potential candidates Albania , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia , Serbia and Montenegro and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , and the EFTA countries Iceland and Norway , members of the European Economic Area , align themselves with this statement .
 Letter dated 15 April 2004 from the Permanent Representative of Lebanon to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General On instructions from my Government , I include here below a summary of Israeli violations and acts of aggression against Lebanon , as   follows   : Between 1207 and 1500 hours on 4 April 2004 , an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea off Sidon at medium altitude and circled over the regions of Sa`diyat and Tyre , thus violating Lebanese airspace .
 UN Commissions The Society 's Representatives actively and consistently   followed   the ongoing work of several UN Commissions , particularly the Commission on Social Development , the Commission on the Status of Women , and the Commission on Sustainable Development . In this context , the Society 's participation aimed to contribute to the appraisal of the progress on the agenda of world conferences and to identify effective strategies for addressing emerging issues , including developing and distributing position statements and hosting various issue panels .
 After hearing the report of the Minister of the Interior , Decentralization and Security on the subject , together with additional information from the Minister for Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation , and following deliberations and debates , the Council of Ministers took the following steps : The Government reiterates the position it took   following   the extraordinary meeting of the Council on Wednesday , 2 June 2004 , condemning in the strongest terms the violation of the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the Democratic Republic of the Congo by Rwanda in defiance of the relevant provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and resolutions of the African Union ; The Government holds the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo -LRB- MONUC -RRB- , which has troops on the ground , responsible for protecting the population of Bukavu and for putting an end to all acts of mass violation of human rights , selective killing , rape and pillage ;
 Recognition of this right in national policy-making and legislation is critical to bringing about a basic approach to poverty eradication . The obligations of States with regard to the protection of human rights and the environment must also be   followed   by the World Trade Organization and in the General Agreement on Trade Services and other regional and bilateral trade agreements . Integrated water resource management
 Most of 2003 was a fallow period in terms of my good offices . But I continued to   follow   developments closely , including the lifting of restrictions on crossings of the buffer zone in April , and the December vote in the north of the island , which brought to the fore a new Turkish Cypriot leadership . For its part , the Government of Turkey was putting together the elements of a new policy on Cyprus , which was conveyed to me by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoan when we met in Davos on 24 January 2004 .
 The Greek Cypriot side , by contrast , took each issue in turn , and produced dense and lengthy papers , one after another , explaining the changes sought and annexing proposed textual amendments . They argued that piecemeal presentation of positions for discussion   following   the clusters suggested by the United Nations would assist in producing , down the line , more refined proposals . As they continued to present papers , it became apparent that the 10 February paper summary of Greek Cypriot demands was far from exhaustive .
 At the domestic level , the Kingdom has undertaken a large number of measures essential for the prevention and countering of terrorist crimes . The Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia therefore wishes to emphasize the   following   points : - Its categorical rejection , condemnation and denunciation of all forms of terrorism , whatever its source or aims ;
 Thirty-four out of the 38 countries responded to this question , although not all listed three problem areas . The most commonly reported problem areas were basic data and/or statistics  quality and quantity ,   followed   by training in methodologies relating to indicators of sustainable development , and thirdly by financial resources . Table 3 provides a regional breakdown .
 There were also 16 other sealed structures and areas at the Muthanna State Establishment that contained potentially hazardous items and materials covered by the same protocol . UNMOVIC does not know whether these procedures have been   followed   up by the coalition forces after the withdrawal of UNMOVIC from Iraq in March 2003 or recently pursued by the Interim Government of Iraq . Empty munitions
 Notes with concern the violations of the rule that parliamentary documents must be distributed simultaneously in all official languages ; Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the rules concerning the simultaneous distribution of documents in all official languages are   followed   with respect to both the distribution of printed copies and the posting of parliamentary documentation on the Official Document System and the United Nations web site , in keeping with section III , paragraph 5 , of General Assembly resolution 55/222 ; Notes with concern the non-compliance with rule 59 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly , and requests the Secretary-General to ensure the communication of resolutions adopted by the Assembly to Member States within 15 days after the closure of the session ;
 With regard to the Senior Management Service , he reiterated his statement of 27 October . The Commission had not considered the matter , which had to do with salaries and indemnities , a priority , but it had nevertheless   followed   closely the work of the Chief Executives Board . Moreover , while recognizing that the Board could take steps to strengthen the management capacity of executive heads , ICSC stated that it alone was authorized to recommend the establishment of such a body and that the decision should be taken in the General Assembly .
 In paragraph 352 , UNDP agreed with the Board 's reiterated recommendation to finalize and implement the service-level agreements for services provided by UNDP to UNFPA and UNOPS as a matter of priority . This is being actively   followed   up by UNDP and it is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2004 . In paragraph 358 , UNDP agreed with the Board 's recommendation that it should continuously monitor the savings derived from the retrofitting of the FF-building to evaluate whether the project generates the expected savings .
 In paragraphs 12 -LRB- c -RRB- and 72 , the Board recommended that UNICEF -LRB- a -RRB- be more proactive in the recovery of contributions receivable and -LRB- b -RRB- document its efforts to collect them , in compliance with financial circular 31 . The collection of outstanding contributions receivables is of high priority and is   followed   up on a regular basis , in compliance with financial circular 31 . In paragraph 76 , the Board recommended that UNICEF review each year the adequacy of its provision for uncollectable contributions and cover all receivables identified as in doubt .
 UNITAR has been in contact with the United Nations University and the United Nations System Staff College to discuss e-learning . There have been no concrete results so far from these meetings ; however , UNITAR will ensure that the matter is   followed   through . In paragraph 88 , the Board recommended that UNITAR develop , document and implement a plan against the risk of internal corruption and fraud , including fraud-awareness initiatives , in coordination with the Administration of the United Nations and the other funds and programmes to obtain the benefit of best practices , where available .
 UNHCR agrees with the recommendations . A formal system to register and   follow   up users ' requests and complaints has been established . In addition , since the beginning of May 2004 , an MSRP User Support Unit has operated in the UNHCR main office .
 Technical difficulties are currently being experienced , but they are being addressed . In paragraph 303 , the Board recommended and UNFPA agreed that it would implement procedures to : -LRB- a -RRB- monitor and   follow   up the progress of purchase orders ; and -LRB- b -RRB- document the practices regarding the use of an approved suppliers ' list in the UNFPA procurement policies in order to ensure consistency and transparency . Action has been taken to ensure that timely delivery is understood and committed to by all holders of long-term agreements .
 The Tribunal believes that the preferred action is to speak to various heads of States and foreign ministers on the issue and explain to them the role and importance of the Tribunal in fighting impunity and highlighting the role that these countries can play in the realization of that ideal . The Registry , which   follows   up on the orders of the Chambers , has responsibility for taking custody of arrestees , transferring them and holding them for trial . Following further discussions and consultations on the issue with the various parties outlined above , the Tribunal will report to the Security Council in 2005 .
 The structure outlined below should be followed in each of the following sectoral chapters . The information should be reported   following   the IPCC sectors . Overview of sector -LRB- e.g. , quantitative overview and description -RRB-
 A treaty body may request that the common core document be updated if it considers that the information it contains is out of date . The procedure for reporting under this reporting system will be as   follows   : The State party submits the common core document to Secretary-General which is then transmitted to each of the treaty bodies monitoring the implementation of the treaties to which the State is party ; The State party submits the treaty-specific document to the Secretary-General which is then transmitted to the specific treaty body concerned ; Each treaty body considers the State report , consisting of the common core document and its treaty-specific document , according to its own procedures . Reports provide an opportunity for the State party to present to each treaty body the extent to which its laws and practices comply with the human rights treaties which it has ratified or to which it has acceded .
 Participation of non-governmental organizations in the activities of the Committee Since its early sessions , the Committee has invited non-governmental organizations to   follow   its work . In order to ensure that it is as well informed as possible , the Committee invites representatives of national and international non-governmental organizations to provide country-specific information on States parties whose reports are before it .
 If the latter were also included , the observed Gini coefficient would fall to 0.50 . The subsidies for education ,   followed   by health and housing , were seen to influence the inequality coefficient . It is estimated that the subsidy component of the social programmes increased in real terms -LRB- 1998 pesos -RRB- from 4 , 486 per capita in 1990 to 10 , 225 per capita in 1998 .
 The Special Rapporteur attaches great importance to information he receives directly from communities or individuals allegedly affected by illicit movements of hazardous wastes and products , or from credible organizations acting on their behalf . It is in particular by   following   up on such allegations that the Special Rapporteur hopes to add value to the mandate , as such a mechanism does not fall within the scope of most existing MEAs . He intends to rely heavily on credible information received directly from communities or individuals when identifying the thematic issues to be the focus of his reports , and also to follow up allegations of violations with Governments and others implicated in the alleged violations .
 Even when targets are agreed upon at the departmental level for certain human resources areas , they may become difficult to reach if the head of each office/division/branch within the department is free to make selection decisions . Staffing decision-making by managers may also be difficult to reconcile with the operational requirements of mobility , particularly in field-based organizations that   follow   strict rotation policies such as the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees -LRB- UNHCR -RRB- , the United Nations Children 's Fund -LRB- UNICEF -RRB- and the World Food Programme -LRB- WFP -RRB- . In several organizations , therefore , ultimate authority for the selection of candidates , in particular in the Professional category , remains in the hands of the executive head .
 Seeing you , Sir  the representative of a fellow cricket-playing nation  in the Chair , I can not resist saying that it is extremely important to work as a team . The 11 players on a cricket field have to work as a team , but it is equally important that they   follow   and use the rules of procedure  the rules of the game . Developing countries have waited long enough for this to happen .
 Life expectancy in Liechtenstein has steadily risen in recent years. In 2002 , life expectancy at birth for women was 75.6 years and 70.5 years for men . The most frequent cause of death was cardiovascular diseases -LRB- 2001 : 35 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by cancer . Infant and child mortality
 315 -RRB- that  one should not dismiss outright the notion of possible benefits to be reaped from the establishment of an international body  that , under certain circumstances , might be empowered  to take charge of final decision in a dispute between the indigenous peoples living within the borders of a modern State and non-indigenous institutions , including State institutions . This , of course , provided that all the parties concerned freely agree to   follow   such a procedure , be this by means of a previous blanket acquiescence , or acquiescence on an ad hoc basis . As mentioned above , he recommended opening an educated discussion on the possible merits and demerits of the establishment of such an international body .
 Regarding policies , procedures , instructions and tools , UNDP  which also provides services to UNFPA and UNOPS in the areas of cash management , investments and foreign exchange  did not document such procedures as reviewing counterparty limits and performing reconciliations . UNRWA instructions provided no guidance on the procedures to be   followed   should the agency wish to invest in new instruments . The Board had recommended in paragraph 212 of its previous report that the United Nations Office at Geneva develop suitable tools for cash management in IMIS , and that it frequently review malfunctions and anomalies but , by April 2004 , manual spreadsheets were still in use , at a risk .
 Special conferences The General Committee may wish to draw the attention of the General Assembly to the   following   :  The Committee on Conferences recommended that the General Assembly should instruct the Main Committees to review the number of special conferences of the United Nations already proposed and scheduled in their respective fields of activity prior to deciding upon the scheduling of new and additional special conferences , thus bearing in mind the relevant portions of General Assembly resolution 33/55 -LRB- recommendation 6 of the Committee on Conferences , adopted by the Assembly in decision 34/405 , para. -LRB- b -RRB- -RRB- .
 The bulk of SRI strategies refers to portfolio screening , i.e. , the practice of including or excluding publicly traded securities from investment portfolio or mutual funds according to certain social or environmental criteria . For instance , investors who stick to positive screening tend to channel their money to companies that   follow   above average records in terms of pre-established values - like better employer-employee relations , social policies or the safety and social usefulness of their products . Funds oriented to social values - the so-called ethical funds - are becoming very popular among investors .
 Over the past few months , the changes in the situation in West Africa  particularly the good progress achieved in Liberia  have fully demonstrated that the Security Council mission to the region was timely and necessary and that the mission 's recommendations  presented on the basis of realities on the ground  are quite feasible . We hope that the Security Council will continue to   follow   up and monitor the implementation of the recommendations in order to ensure that this is comprehensive and thorough . We also await a report by the Secretary-General on cross-border issues .
 The Secretariat has worked closely with OHCHR field offices and United Nations field presences , where possible , to ensure that the new proposals received meet the admissibility criteria which the Fund has elaborated for the selection of projects . Pursuant to recommendation No. 9 of OIOS , whereby the Fund should establish a central and computerized historical , financial and narrative project tracking system that will allow staff to   follow   and document the history and progress of its relationship with grantees and donors , the Board has also recommended that an electronic project management system be made available to the Secretariat , to not only improve the financial management of the Fund but also allow for the generation of statistical information , today only available manually . On two occasions , the Secretariat compiled statistics on the victims assisted , by gender and age groups , through the projects subsidized by the Fund , as well as on the types of assistance provided to beneficiaries .
 -LRB- 3 -RRB- The text of recommendation -LRB- 3 -RRB- is set forth as recommendation 179 of document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.72 -LRB- 4 -RRB- The text of recommendation -LRB- 4 -RRB- is set forth as recommendation 74 -LRB- a -RRB- in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.70 , part II and should be amended as   follows   : The insolvency law should specify that where a security interest is effective and enforceable under other law , it would be recognized in insolvency proceedings as effective enforceable .
 These questions are to be analysed with the aid of the aforementioned checklist when planning future tax reforms . The notes of the General Section of the Budget Implementation Act of 2003 - i.e. the section of the government bill dealing with tax issues - contain the   following   statements relating to the implementation of the gender mainstreaming project to date : Gender Mainstreaming - Impact on Women and Men
 Here , the fundamental principles of international cooperation enshrined in the Charter and the criteria tested by time concerning maintaining the balance of interests are a high priority for us . By   following   such a policy , Turkmenistan always attempts fully to utilize the potential of the community of nations and institutions in proposing and implementing foreign policy initiatives . We see vast potential in the close partnership with the United Nations and its specialized structures in implementing joint programmes and projects .
 Its landmark decision to eliminate the third largest nuclear arsenal and to relinquish nuclear capability has significantly enhanced the international non-proliferation regime and global security . We hope that Ukraine 's positive example will be   followed   by other countries that now entertain the erroneous idea that they can protect their security through access to nuclear weapons . All achievements by the international community may come to naught if our populations succumb to HIV/AIDS .
 As a member of the Conference , Mongolia finds it completely unacceptable that the sole multilateral disarmament negotiating body has been deadlocked for the past eight years in a row , without being able to agree on a programme of work . Mongolia also attaches special importance to the work of the Disarmament Commission and notes with great regret that it has recently   followed   the example of the Conference on Disarmament and has also frozen in stalemate , unable to agree on its agenda . In light of all this , my delegation believes that the current session of the First Committee should be used to help break the deadlock at both the Conference on Disarmament and the Disarmament Commission , taking advantage of the unique positioning of this body as the most representative forum for discussing and exchanging views on issues concerning international security and disarmament .
 In 2000 , some 63.3 per cent of these cases were male . The average age of these abusers was 15.7. MDMA was the most popular drug -LRB- 71.6 per cent of all cases -RRB- ,   followed   by ketamine -LRB- 48.3 per cent -RRB- and cannabis -LRB- 19.8 per cent -RRB- . Some 26.4 per cent had previous convictions and 22.5 per cent were employed .
 The Money Laundering Department within the Ministry of Finance is entitled to issue the inspection order for a suspicious individual or entity based on the information received from the National Intelligence Service or another institution .  Following   the order , the Albanian National Bank which supervises all second level banks , distributes within the banks ' network , without delay , enquiries regarding the existence of accounts opened and transactions of monetary funds linked with the persons designated in the said lists . The National Bank , within a short period of time must receive adequate information from the other banks related to the operations and outstanding balance on accounts of clients of the banks .
 Since the issuance of the last report of the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on the situation of human rights in Burundi -LRB- A/58/448 of 20 October 2003 -RRB- , there has been little improvement in the human rights situation in the country . Historically , the human rights situation has been characterized by political assassinations ,   followed   by the massacre of civilians , sometimes amounting to acts of genocide and mass exodus . Summary executions of civilians have decreased but torture , illegal detention and arbitrary detention persist .
 On 26 January 2004 , the President of the Security Council requested -LRB- see S/2004/72 -RRB- that I dispatch to Burundi an assessment mission to consider the advisability and feasibility of establishing an international judicial commission of inquiry . While the United Nations is   following   up on this matter , with the exception of the law against genocide adopted in April 2003 , very few of the other measures on genocide called for in the Arusha Agreement have been implemented . The Transitional Assembly adopted the legislation necessary to establish the National Truth and Reconciliation Commission on 16 April 2003 and forwarded it to the Senate in June of that year for its consideration , but the legislation remains under discussion .
 Requests the International Narcotics Control Board , pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1995/20 of 24 July 1995 , to monitor international trade so that diversion attempts can be identified , preventing chemical precursors from reaching the illicit market ; Urges the International Narcotics Control Board to continue to   follow   up all such cases of diversion by facilitating investigations by national authorities and to make its findings available to Governments through its annual report ; Requests the Secretary-General to provide the necessary resources to the International Narcotics Control Board to enable it to continue its work effectively under Operation Purple , Operation Topaz and Project Prism ;
 Those efforts enabled Governments to take appropriate measures and conduct investigations and law enforcement operations to prevent the diversion of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances into illicit traffic . All requests received were responded to in a timely manner , which resulted in countries   following   recommendations on the prevention of substances used in the illicit manufacture of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances . -LRB- e -RRB- The online legal library , updated with 600 laws and regulations on drug control legislation from 155 countries and offered in three languages , enhanced the availability of updated legal information relevant to international drug control .
 Background information on the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the report of the Panel of Eminent Persons on United Nations-Civil Society Relations Background information on the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the report of the Panel of Eminent Persons on United Nations-Civil Society Relations , chaired by Mr. Fernando Henrique Cardoso , former president of Brazil , is available on the   following   Web site : www.un.org/reform . Integration of the economies in transition into the world economy
 Member States must find the right balance between rigour , which required that assessed contributions should be paid on time , and understanding , when one of their number failed to meet that obligation due to conditions beyond its control . While the European Union supported the recommendations of the Committee on Contributions , it considered that normal procedures must be   followed   in all cases and that there must be solid justification for exceptions to that rule . In that regard , it was surprised that Georgia had not submitted its request to the Committee on Contributions in due form , as it had the previous year .
 For those countries , remittances have become the second largest financial flow , after foreign direct investment , and have surpassed official development assistance.51 Remittances to developing countries are relatively concentrated in certain regions : the largest amounts go to Latin America and the Caribbean ,   followed   by Eastern and Southern Asia , while sub-Saharan Africa receives only 1.5 per cent of the total . The European Union accounts for the largest source of remittance payments , followed by the United States and countries in the Middle East.52
 The Group has also encouraged the Government of Burundi to prepare a poverty reduction strategy paper and called on donors to make contributions to the multi-year debt trust fund established by the World Bank for Burundi . It also encouraged the Bretton Woods institutions to continue support to the country and has closely   followed   developments in this regard . Securing respect for human rights and the rule of law
 UNFPA has also taken steps to provide protection to victims of sexual and gender-based violence . Through an internal bulletin issued in 2003 , I have instructed that the sexual exploitation and abuse of women and children in armed conflict by United Nations personnel must be addressed and that a minimum standard of behaviour should be   followed   and measures taken to prevent sexual exploitation and abuse . Conclusions and recommendations
 The Committee has accepted the proposal of the League of Arab States to host the fourth special meeting of the Counter-Terrorism Committee with the international , regional and subregional organizations in Cairo later this year .  Following   the approach agreed by the Committee it will start with the League of Arab States the preparation of the meeting . The Committee , through its Chairman , the Executive Director and , where appropriate , the Committee 's experts , will continue to establish contacts with organizations outside the United Nations system by attending regional meetings and conferences .
 Opening of the session The President of the Executive Board remarked that since the January session , he had the opportunity to   follow   UNICEF activities more closely , with the assistance of the Executive Director and many secretariat colleagues , in particular the Secretary of Executive Board . He was still impressed by the quality of the work and motivation of UNICEF staff .
 The Committee for the Prevention of the Recruitment of Child Soldiers , which was established by the Office of the Chairman of the State Peace and Development Council in January 2004 -LRB- A/59/311 , para . Since the adoption of the Plan of Action , no information has been available on whether the task force entrusted with its implementation , which includes the Ministers for Foreign Affairs , Home Affairs , Labour and Social Welfare , Relief and Resettlement , has taken steps to develop a more detailed operational plan or to   follow   up implementation of the existing plan . However , some new members of the Government have indicated the Government 's continued interest in and commitment to working on this issue in collaboration with UNICEF .
 Reaffirms the importance of paragraphs 8 and 9 of its resolution 1995/20 of 24 July 1995 in helping the International Narcotics Control Board to monitor international trade so that diversion attempts can be identified , preventing chemical precursors from reaching the illicit market ; Urges the International Narcotics Control Board to continue to   follow   up all such cases of diversion by facilitating investigations by national authorities and to make its findings available to Governments through its annual report ; Requests the Secretary-General to provide the necessary resources to the International Narcotics Control Board to enable it to effectively continue its work under Operation Purple , Operation Topaz and Project Prism ;
 The new decree appears to remove this obstacle for victims needing medical treatment following a sexual assault or rape . My Special Representative and the staff of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights will   follow   up this measure to see that it is implemented in accordance with international human rights standards . Security problems inside the camps , together with continuing displacement and lack of security preventing internally displaced persons returning to their homes are combining to have a disturbing psychological effect on the displaced .
 Deeply troubled by the fact that Mr. Agathon Rwasa 's Forces nationales de liberation -LRB- Palipehutu-FNL -RRB- have claimed responsibility for the Gatumba massacre , expresses its intention to consider appropriate measures that might be taken against those individuals who threaten the peace and national reconciliation process in Burundi ; Requests the Secretary-General to keep it informed on a regular basis of developments in the situation in Burundi , the implementation of the Arusha Agreement , the execution of ONUB 's mandate and the action taken by the Burundian authorities   following   the Council 's recommendations in the fight against impunity , and to submit a report on these developments every three months ; Decides to remain actively seized of the matter .
 The panel reviewed the file and concluded that , after deduction of the correct amount and the application of further adjustments , the correct amount of compensation recommended for the D8/D9 losses should have been USD 300 , 126.69 .  Following   the recommendation of the panel , the Executive Secretary has concluded that the previously approved award should be corrected pursuant to article 41 of the Rules . Following an inquiry from the Government of Kuwait and as a result of information provided by the secretariat , the D2 panel of Commissioners reviewed a claim that was included in the tenth instalment D report , which recommendations were approved by the Governing Council in decision 146 -LRB- S/AC.26/Dec.146 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- -RRB- .
 OHCHR/Cambodia continued to receive complaints from the public about human rights violations , and took up serious cases , including cases of violence and intimidation of political activists ; land disputes and land grabbing ; torture and cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment in places of detention ; and serious breaches of criminal process guarantees . Staff also   followed   the progress of cases involving those charged with offences relating to the anti-Thai riots of 29 January 2003 who were eventually tried in September 2003 . Forty-seven persons who were found guilty of offences directly relating to the riots , were given prison sentences equivalent to time already served , and released. Two students , convicted of incitement and handed longer sentences , were released three weeks later , after being granted royal pardons .
 Staff observed key trials of concern , including those relating to trafficking , torture , sexual violence against children , the anti-Thai riots of 29 January 2003 , and the trial held in October into the murder of Om Radsady , a senior advisor to FUNCINPEC -LRB- National United Front for an Independent , Neutral , Peaceful and Cooperative Cambodia -RRB- . In addition to cases at the Phnom Penh municipal court , the appeal court and the Supreme Court , the Office   followed   cases in the courts of Prey Veng , Kompong Cham , Kompong Speu , Sihanoukville and Battambang . The Office provided advice on due process rights and trial procedures , and addressed issues relating to legal representation and access to justice , seeking to facilitate contacts between accused persons and legal aid lawyers whenever serious cases were tried in courts without legal representation .
 Laws that have been of particular interest include those relating to anti-corruption , the suppression of trafficking in human beings and sexual exploitation and sub-decrees relating to land and forestry . Staff continued to   follow   progress in the preparation of the Penal Code and the Code of Criminal Procedure -LRB- drafted with the assistance of experts from France -RRB- and the Civil Code and Code of Civil Procedure -LRB- drafted with the assistance of experts from Japan -RRB- , all of which were recently submitted to the Council of Ministers . The Office has noted the importance of ensuring consistency between these foundation codes and the laws that are being passed in connection with accession to the World Trade Organization .
 Following discussion between the United Nations Office at Nairobi and United Nations Headquarters , the batch was expected to be functional by the end of 2004 . The Administration assured the Board that programme management officers were continuously reminded of the need to cancel all obligations that are no longer valid and that ,   following   the Board 's recommendation , it had reviewed and closed the 2000-2001 unliquidated obligations accordingly . The Board recommends that UN-Habitat , in conjunction with the United Nations Office at Nairobi , continue to review outstanding obligations on a timely basis , and to cancel those that are no longer valid .
 As a result of our penetration of the network , American and the British intelligence identified a shipment of advanced centrifuge parts manufactured at the Malaysia facility . We   followed   the shipment of these parts to Dubai , and watched as they were transferred to the BBC China , a German-owned ship . After the ship passed through the Suez Canal , bound for Libya , it was stopped by German and Italian authorities .
 At the 11th meeting , on 19 October , the representative of Egypt , on behalf of Algeria , Bahrain , Egypt , Jordan , Kuwait , Lebanon , the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya , Morocco , Oman , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Sudan , the Syrian Arab Republic , Tunisia , the United Arab Emirates and Yemen introduced a draft resolution entitled The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East -LRB- A/C.1/59/L.37 -RRB- . At its 18th meeting , on 27 October , the Committee voted on draft resolution A/C.1/59/L.37 as   follows   : * Subsequently , the delegation of Tonga stated that they had intended to abstain on the sixth preambular paragraph and on the resolution as a whole .
 The revision of financial circular 31 , as recommended by the Board , has clarified the procedures for the write-off of the oldest outstanding receivables , although not the respective tasks of the Division and of the Office . Circular 31 does state that the Programme Funding Office will   follow   up the outstanding receivables associated with major donors and that the Division of Financial and Administrative Affairs will follow up those from other sources , either directly or through the appropriate mission or field office , but this provision has not been implemented . In 80 per cent of the cases the Board reviewed , the Division 's contribution files contained no documentation showing that UNICEF had taken any action to obtain the payment of contributions from donors or to explain their non-payment .
 The revision of financial circular 31 , as recommended by the Board , has clarified the procedures for the write-off of the oldest outstanding receivables , although not the respective tasks of the Division and of the Office . Circular 31 does state that the Programme Funding Office will follow up the outstanding receivables associated with major donors and that the Division of Financial and Administrative Affairs will   follow   up those from other sources , either directly or through the appropriate mission or field office , but this provision has not been implemented . In 80 per cent of the cases the Board reviewed , the Division 's contribution files contained no documentation showing that UNICEF had taken any action to obtain the payment of contributions from donors or to explain their non-payment .
 Chapter II Follow-up actions to the recommendations of the International Conference on Population and Development The Commission held a general discussion on item 3 of its agenda , entitled Follow-up actions to the recommendations of the International Conference on Population and Development , at its 1st , 2nd and 3rd meetings , on 22 and 23 March 2004. It had before it the   following   documents : -LRB- a -RRB- Report of the Secretary-General on the review and appraisal of the progress made in achieving the goals and objectives of the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development -LRB- E/CN.9/2004/3 -RRB- ;
 Here in the First Committee we have spoken of the right of the people of our region to enjoy security and stability by declaring the Middle East a nuclear-weapon-free zone , like those established in other regions . We wonder why it is that Israel will not   follow   the example of South Africa and other countries and dismantle its nuclear arsenal in order to demonstrate its good intentions and desire for peace with its neighbours . The international community and international organizations have a political and historical responsibility to enforce and implement all international resolutions calling for the removal of all weapons of mass destruction from the Middle East , and especially nuclear weapons , without discrimination or exceptions .
 * Rounded . As shown in figure I , the early childhood priority maintained the largest aggregate share of programme expenditures -LRB- 36 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by immunization plus -LRB- 22 per cent -RRB- and girls ' education -LRB- 19 per cent -RRB- . The share for girls ' education already exceeds the share projected for 2005 by the MTSP , and this is reinforced by the even higher share of regular resources expenditure -LRB- 24 per cent -RRB- for this priority in 2003 .
 By the end of 2003 , a total of 90 Governments -LRB- 35 high-income , 37 middle-income and 18 low-income countries -RRB- had contributed $ 403 million to regular resources. This represented an increase of 10 per cent compared to 2002 . The United States remained the largest government donor to regular resources , with a contribution of $ 119.2 million ,   followed   by Norway -LRB- $ 46.2 million -RRB- , Sweden -LRB- $ 36.3 million -RRB- , the Netherlands -LRB- $ 32.7 million -RRB- , the United Kingdom -LRB- $ 27.8 million -RRB- and Denmark -LRB- $ 26.9 million -RRB- . The largest donors to other resources -LRB- both regular and emergency -RRB- were the United States -LRB- $ 168.9 million -RRB- , the United Kingdom -LRB- $ 102.3 million -RRB- , Japan -LRB- $ 77.6 million -RRB- , Canada -LRB- $ 76.1 million -RRB- , Sweden -LRB- $ 66.7 million -RRB- , Norway -LRB- $ 57.2 million -RRB- , the Netherlands -LRB- $ 41.3 million -RRB- , Australia -LRB- $ 24.5 million -RRB- , Italy -LRB- $ 21.1 million -RRB- and Ireland -LRB- $ 9.6 million -RRB- .
 Calls upon States to continue to prioritize action on marine pollution from land-based sources as part of their national sustainable development strategies and programmes , in an integrated and inclusive manner , and to advance the implementation of the Global Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment from Land-based Activities and the Montreal Declaration on the Protection of the Marine Environment from Land-based Activities ; Welcomes the adoption of resolution A.962 -LRB- 23 -RRB- by the International Maritime Organization on 5 December 2003 , entitled International Maritime Organization Guidelines on Ship Recycling , and calls upon States to   follow   these Guidelines in order to minimize marine pollution ; Calls upon States to implement strategies and programmes for an integrated ecosystem-based approach to management , developed by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity , the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations and other relevant global and regional organizations , and urges those organizations to cooperate in the development of practical guidance to assist States in this regard ;
 Other common controls included limits on the duration , with possibility of extensions only upon justification . Also , review procedures could address risks of excess price if the suppliers are seen not to be   following   the rules . There was general agreement that the Commission should acknowledge the fact that framework agreements , even if not currently mentioned in the Model Law , were used in practice .
 The Fourth Committee considered the item at its 18th and 19th meetings , on 28 and 29 October 2004 , and took action on item 22 at its 19th meeting , on 29 October -LRB- see A/C.4/59/SR.18 and 19 -RRB- . For its consideration of the item , the Committee had before it the   following   documents : -LRB- a -RRB- Report of the Secretary-General on assistance in mine action -LRB- A/59/284 and Add.1 -RRB- ;
 The Community customs legislation as such only provides for the procedural framework but not for prohibitions or restrictions with regard to the importation or exportation of nuclear , chemical or biological weapons or related materials .  Following   the normal course , goods , which enter the customs territory of the Community , have to be presented to customs and a summary declaration has to be lodged . Within a certain delay they have to be assigned a customs approved treatment or use , which may also be their re-exportation .
 The adoption of the principle of most favoured treatment of international organizations would mean that any relevant arrangements and facilities granted by the host country of a given organization , but not enjoyed by organizations within the United Nations system , would automatically apply to all organizations within that particular host country . This would ensure continuous updating and modernizing of the headquarters agreements   following   , for example , the current practice of the Swiss Federal Government . Recommendation 5
 The agreement between UNIDO and the Government of Austria contained a provision on the residence in Austria of UNIDO retirees , in section 37 -LRB- i -RRB- . The last sentence of the paragraph reads as   follows   : The same exemption from immigration restrictions shall also apply to retired officials of the UNIDO under modalities established by the Government '' . This applies to the United Nations Office at Vienna and IAEA through the existence of the most favoured treatment clause , which operates on the principle of equal treatment between United Nations system organizations headquartered in Vienna .
 The Australian Longitudinal Study on Women 's Health , known as the Women 's Health Australia Study , commenced in June 1995 as an initiative of the National Women 's Health Policy . About 40 , 000 women are involved in the study , which   follows   their individual experience of health and wellbeing while considering social , economic and psychosocial factors that influence health , and how to address health needs . The study is designed to run for at least 20 years .
 The Kosovo Trust Agency is now following up on the major recommendations of the audits , by addressing immediate and medium-term goals to improve the performance of the enterprises . The Investigation Task Force will   follow   up on cases of suspected fraud and misappropriations of resources . Property rights
 Annex II to the letter dated 15 January 2004 from the Permanent Representative of Morocco to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General The Participants at the High-level Conference on South-South Cooperation held in Marrakech , Morocco , from 16 to 19 December 2003 , having adopted the Marrakech Declaration on South-South Cooperation , guided by the provisions of the Havana Programme of Action , and while stressing that the implementation of South-South Cooperation depends upon its adequate integration in national , subregional and regional and international cooperation policies and strategies , agree on the implementation of the   following   measures and initiatives : Undertaking a study , with the support of UNDP , on the potential of intensifying interactions between business agents in developing countries , both from the private and the public sector , including recommendations on ways of fully exploring the potential of joint ventures in different areas .
 The credentials of representatives will be examined by the Credentials Committee , which will report its findings to the International Meeting .  Following   past practice , duly certified lists of participants may serve in special circumstances as temporary credentials of delegations . Provisional list of delegations
 It is important that the system take into account the rights of the debtor , the grantor and other persons with an interest in the encumbered assets . Many systems impose , as a general and overriding matter , a requirement that the secured creditor in enforcing its rights must act in good faith ,   follow   commercially reasonable standards and respect public policy . -LRB- b -RRB- Notice of enforcement
 UNIDO should play a strategic role in eradicating poverty through sustainable industrial development with a view to contributing to the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals . Indonesia had   followed   with interest UNIDO 's transformation into a key international development organization through more focused programmes and activities . There were many similarities between Indonesia 's sustainable development policy and UNIDO 's priorities .
 In most countries , family members accompanying a person granted refugee status receive the same status . However , conferral of refugee status is not automatic for spouses and children who   follow   a refugee to a country of asylum . Family reunification is not a right conferred on refugees by the 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees , but is rather a recommended practice that leaves much to the discretion of each State .
 The aim of that note is to permit the Commission at its forthcoming session to decide on the holding and terms of reference of a Working Group proposed to be convened from 30 August to 3 September 2004 . A Working Group convened as set out above would have before it , and may wish to use as a basis for its deliberations , two studies prepared in response to the Commission 's request , as set out in the   following   paragraphs . The first study considers issues arsing from the use of electronic communications and technologies in procurement -LRB- document A/CN.9/WG.1/WP.31 -RRB- , notably as regards :
 Some institutions are for coordination , others are for control , and yet others are operational . Systems and structures need to be devised and implemented   following   not only the way that ministries are differentiated , but also the way that they are coordinated to work together . It is difficult to prescribe one way of organizing government ministries , but whichever way is adopted , the functions should be conducted in a coordinated fashion , following the principles and values provided in the Charter for Public Service in Africa .
 The main objective of the SMPR is to develop , coordinate and implement public policies with a gender perspective , eliminating all forms of discrimination against women , and to promote equality of opportunity and of outcomes so as to strengthen the democratization of society . The Women 's Bureau of the Office of the President of the Republic of Paraguay raised its international profile in 1995 when Paraguay became a member of the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women for a term ending in 2000 , with responsibility for   following   up on the Platform for Action adopted in Beijing . The country has played an important role in this area within the United Nations system , and has been very active in matters relating to the drafting of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women , which was ratified in 2001 .
 Data from the 2000-2001 Comprehensive Household Survey showed a certain change in migration patterns over the past decade . During that period , the main migratory flow was the urban-to-urban flow -LRB- 40 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by the rural-to-rural flow -LRB- 21.5 per cent -RRB- and the rural-to-urban flow -LRB- 17.6 per cent -RRB- . The ease with which people can move about and the spread of the mass media have brought about a sort of `` ruralization '' of urban life , as well as profound changes in the way people in rural areas feel and act in general .
 The time has indeed come to ensure that the existing standards are effectively applied by the parties concerned . To that end , we support the establishment of a systematic , objective and comprehensive mechanism to   follow   up and report on violations of children 's rights in conflict areas . To that end , using the United Nations network in the field in conflict zones would seem to be the most suitable solution .
 Finally , national and international authorities should ensure that there is no undue investigative or prosecutorial advantage in criminal cases due to improper confusion with terrorist cases . The Special Rapporteur has   followed   and reported on the developments at the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly and in sessions of the Ad Hoc Committee established by the General Assembly in its resolution 51/210 . She has commented that , in the process of drafting a comprehensive treaty on international terrorism , attention be paid to human rights and humanitarian law in drafting the most controversial articles relating to definition as well as to legitimate concerns about the principle of non-refoulement and impunity. In this regard , she also
 Another question is organizational . If we have meetings scheduled for today , tomorrow and Wednesday , then why not   follow   the programme and take action on draft resolutions which present no problem ? On Wednesday we will already have resolved them and will thus have fewer outstanding issues .
 The Director reiterated the commitment of UNICEF to participate in the implementation of joint programmes , where appropriate. and emphasized that there were no administrative , operational or programmatic restrictions on UNICEF participation in joint programmes and in the funds management options . He reiterated the commitment of UNICEF to ensuring that staff were fully equipped to   follow   the UNDG Guidance Note . A detailed guide on joint programming and the operational details of joint programmes would be issued soon .
 The resolution requests the High Commissioner to submit the requested study to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session , with an interim report to the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session . In connection with the study , OHCHR is   following   the activities of the treaty bodies and the special procedures . At this point , it may be observed that , cumulatively , the human rights treaty bodies examine somewhat over 100 reports per year .
 That approach is in essence the hallmark of the United Nations , as shown by the mission led by Sergio Vieira de Mello until the horrendous attack of 19 August 2003 . It was   followed   scrupulously by the United Nations team , to whom we pay tribute . We should continue to rely on that approach to achieve success in the future stages of Iraq 's transition and reconstruction .
 The view was expressed that the subject of space debris was extremely important for the preservation of the outer space environment , so that all developing countries would be able to explore outer space with no constraints . The view was expressed that the burden of   following   IADC space debris mitigation guidelines was not the same for developed countries as it was for developing countries and therefore the former should help the latter in following the guidelines . The view was expressed that the technological and financial means for the mitigation of space debris should be provided to developing countries , in order to enable them to step up their efforts to reduce space debris within their own space capabilities .
 The view was expressed that the subject of space debris was extremely important for the preservation of the outer space environment , so that all developing countries would be able to explore outer space with no constraints . The view was expressed that the burden of following IADC space debris mitigation guidelines was not the same for developed countries as it was for developing countries and therefore the former should help the latter in   following   the guidelines . The view was expressed that the technological and financial means for the mitigation of space debris should be provided to developing countries , in order to enable them to step up their efforts to reduce space debris within their own space capabilities .
 We urge the Council to consider the deployment of child protection advisers in the context of upcoming mandates  for example , those for the missions in Sudan and Burundi . The Council must also focus on child protection in the framework of its own missions  particularly by meeting with children themselves  and must be able to   follow   up swiftly and effectively on reported cases of egregious violations of children 's rights . We eagerly await the outcome of the work of the Office of International Oversight Services assessing the United Nations system 's response to children and armed conflict , in conformity with the Secretary-General 's United Nations reform efforts .
 In 1999 al1 registered representatives of DSW participated in the five-year review of the International Conference on Population and Development -LRB- ICPD -RRB- at the UN General Assembly General Session -LRB- UNGASS -RRB- . The Executive Director , as well as the Director of Communication and Public Relations , being official members of the German delegation , closely   followed   the conference and consulted the official German delegates . In 2002 , the Executive Director and the Communication Officer participated , again as official members of the German delegation , in the World Summit for Sustainable Development .
 It has packaged them with great care , breathed life into many of them , and distributed them among the delegations that owe allegiance to it . It was hoping to achieve the   following   : first , to incite the Americans in particular and the West in general to wage endless wars in the Middle East , in order to underscore the old-new theory of Israel that the Arab-Israeli conflict is not the core of the problems of the region . To prove our point we refer to the argument promoted by Israel that the situation in Iraq and its repercussions are more dangerous and complicated than that prevailing in the occupied Arab territories and Palestine .
 The two latter conventions define crimes of terrorism and distinguish between terrorism and the legitimate right of occupied peoples to resist occupation in accordance with international law and the United Nations Charter . My country is   following   with great concern the developments in the brotherly Sudan . That concern stems primarily from our commitment to the territorial integrity of the Sudan and the unity of its people .
 2.5.12 Withdrawal of an interpretative declaration An interpretative declaration may be withdrawn at any time by the authorities competent for that purpose ,   following   the same procedure applicable to its formulation . 2.5.13 Withdrawal of a conditional interpretative declaration
 However , as the new membership of the Board had just been approved , it was not possible to hold a special meeting to decide on that issue . As a result , the Board of Trustees   followed   the procedure that was approved in 2001 for intersessional consultations concerning the new mandate of the Fund as decided by the General Assembly resolution 56/140 in selecting beneficiaries of travel grants to attend the second session of the Permanent Forum . Seventeenth session of the Board of Trustees
 The Board recommended that the Bureau of the Working Group on Indigenous Populations at its annual session in 2004 should continue to invite the Chairperson , or any other member of the Board who could be in Geneva during the session , or the secretariat of the Board and Fund to deliver a statement introducing the report of the Secretary-General on the Fund . The Board recommended that the working group charged with elaborating a draft declaration   follow   the same practice . The Board members have agreed to actively distribute the Fund 's application forms as widely as possible , in particular in regions that have been underrepresented .
 Agenda and organization of work At its 2nd meeting , on 4 February , the Commission adopted its provisional agenda , as contained in document E/CN.5/2004/1/Rev.1. The agenda read as   follows   : Election of officers .
 Proceedings against two officers were dropped , five were acquitted and proceedings against six officers are pending . In addition to legal measures taken ex officio by the Ministry of the Interior , 1 , 076 charges were pressed by citizens directly to the Public Prosecutor against 1 , 578 officers , most often because of the criminal offence of maltreatment in the line of duty -LRB- 930 -RRB- ,   followed   by extraction of statement -LRB- 124 -RRB- and unlawful arrest . The prosecution of most of the charges was discontinued , as they were found baseless .
 The police reportedly continued to harass his family , and on one occasion arrested the complainant 's brother . When the police started to investigate his whereabouts in Jaipur , the complainant decided to leave the country   following   his father 's advice . 2.4 On 1 September 1992 , the complainant left India for Brazil , then travelled to Mexico , and entered the United States on 22 September 1992 .
 10.3 In terms of the reference to the Special Rapporteur 's call for unequivocal guarantees , the complainant argues that the information on ill-treatment provided demonstrates that the guarantees have not been adequate , as called for by the Special Rapporteur . Thus , the complainant , who is closely linked to her husband ,   followed   his activities in exile and will be inevitably associated with his activities , is at a high and well-founded risk of torture . Her removal to Egypt would thus violate article 3 of the Convention .
 4.11 The State party refers to the Refugee Board 's statement that it would not entirely reject the complainant 's statement to the effect that the complainant had carried out activities for the Citizens ' Union , that he had certain conflicts with the authorities , and that his home had been searched . However , the State party argues that it   follows   from the practice of the Committee that a risk of being detained as such is not sufficient to trigger the protection of article 3 of the Convention.d 4.12 In addition , the State party argues that the complainant has not substantiated that he is wanted by the authorities in his country of origin and risks being arrested if he were to return.e
 Financial basis Among other things , decision OEWG-II/9 encouraged Parties and signatories to   follow   the lead of Australia and Switzerland in providing additional financial support to the Basel Convention Partnership Programme . The Government of Japan has responded with a generous voluntary financial contribution to the programme .
 Requests the Secretariat to implement 2004-2006 work plan of the Basel Convention Partnership Programme in cooperation with all relevant and interested partners ; Encourages Parties and signatories to   follow   the lead of Australia , Japan and Switzerland in providing funding to the Basel Convention Partnership Programme and becoming actively involved in the programme ; Encourages broader civil society , including environmental non-governmental organizations and the industry sector , to provide technical and financial support for the Basel Convention Partnership Programme and to become involved in specific activities at the regional , national and international levels .
 The Libyan Government had taken the important decision to disclose and eliminate its weapons of mass destruction , a paradigm that other nations seeking nuclear weapons should emulate . The international community must resolve to take action , or more and more States could be emboldened to   follow   the lead of the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and hide behind the cover of the Treaty for legitimacy while pursuing nuclear-weapons technology . The United States remained strongly committed to its obligations under article VI .
 While the accountability mechanisms in relation to all the Millennium Development Goals are weak , they are especially feeble in relation to Goal 8 . The UNDP assessment report makes the point that Significantly , few countries report on Goal 8 and stresses that it is of the utmost importance to track progress on Goal 8.12 A few developed States , including the Netherlands , Denmark and Sweden , have published reports on their progress towards Goal 8 , very welcome precedents that all developed countries should   follow   as soon as possible . Although self-monitoring on Goal 8 by developed States is a step in the right direction , it does not constitute an adequate form of accountability .
 Paragraph 4 is without prejudice to article 41 , or to any question of the termination or suspension of the operation of a treaty under article 60 or to any question of responsibility which may arise for a State from the conclusion or application of a treaty the provisions of which are incompatible with its obligations towards another State under another treaty. Article 41 of the Vienna Convention reads as   follows   : Article 41
 That was indeed the problem that several delegations had with meeting on Tuesday - the holding of the World Health Assembly in Geneva and the presence of a number of ministers of health in town . I will hold consultations , I will of course   follow   your advice , and I will hold consultations so as to find a suitable date for our plenary next week . With this our formal meeting stands adjourned , and in five minutes we will reconvene in an informal plenary meeting to take up item 1 of our agenda , Cessation of the nuclear arms race and nuclear disarmament .
 Over the past two years the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime has , through numerous communications , informed its staff in the field about how to address HIV/AIDS issues among injecting drug users . In those communications , the Office has emphasized the need to address HIV/AIDS issues related to drug use in a comprehensive and holistic manner ,   following   an approach that is based on assessments , monitoring and evaluation and is adjusted to take into account the socio-cultural and legal context of the country in question . The mandates of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime for addressing HIV/AIDS derive from :
 ESCWA took strategic initiatives to respond to the needs of the countries emerging from conflict , namely , Iraq , Palestine and Lebanon . It promoted brainstorming and dialogue on policies and strategies to be pursued in Iraq and possible courses of action to be   followed   . The Task Force on Iraq monitored the situation there , explored and examined approaches to manage the region 's development under crisis conditions , analysed impacts and published this material on a dedicated web site .
 -LRB- b -RRB- The Assembly may wish to call for greater attention to gender perspectives in draft resolutions adopted by its subsidiary bodies , in particular by making concrete recommendations for action aimed at achieving gender equality . The Assembly may also wish to take further steps to   follow   up on the implementation of these recommendations by encouraging reporting on progress made ; -LRB- c -RRB- The Assembly may wish to take specific steps to ensure gender mainstreaming in the implementation of and follow-up to major international conferences and summits , in particular in the context of the review of the implementation of the United Nations Millennium Declaration in 2005 .
 In line with the priorities of the Counter-Terrorism Committee , the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime will , while continuing its work on promoting the universal anti-terrorism instruments , orient its activities towards in-depth , qualitative follow-up aid to requesting countries for the implementation of the instruments . The scope of assistance provided will be broadened. A global network of experts will be established to   follow   up on progress made by States . The creation of advisory panels for geographical regions and legal systems to review proposed legislative solutions and provide specific input appropriate to the particular country 's historical and legal traditions and jurisprudence is also envisaged .
 At its thirty-fourth session , in 2001 , the Commission considered a sample of an analytical digest of court and arbitral decisions identifying trends in the interpretation of selected provisions of the United Nations Sales Convention , and requested the Secretariat to prepare , in cooperation with experts and national correspondents , such a digest . At that session , the Commission also gave guidance to the Secretariat as to the principles to be   followed   in the preparation of the digest , including that the digest should not criticize domestic case law . The draft Digest was circulated to the national correspondents , the States parties to the United Nations Sales Convention , and other interested parties , in order to obtain comments and suggestions prior to its translation and publication by the United Nations .
 Similarly , article 21 of the Act provides that individuals subject to it may not disseminate , distribute or sell the personal data stored in information systems created by them in exercise of their functions , except in cases where they have obtained the explicit consent , in writing or by a similar means of authentication , of the individuals to whom the data refers . Article 100 of the General Health Act sets out the guidelines to be   followed   when carrying out research into human beings . The last section of that article refers to additional guidelines contained in the regulation implementing the General Health Act in relation to health-related research , article 21 of which provides , inter alia , that individuals likely to be subjected to research must , prior to giving their consent , be informed that their identity will not be disclosed and that their personal information will remain confidential .
 1.4 The Superintendency of Banks is also responsible for supervising entities of this type , which must comply with all the obligations set out in the Basel document and in Act No. 72-02 . 1.13 Articles 61 to 66 of Act No. 72-02 refer to the procedure to be   followed   in respect of international cooperation . It follows from a reading of these articles that such cooperation is based on the principle of reciprocity and on the multilateral and bilateral agreements in the matter that have been signed and ratified by the National Congress .
 Several decisions have found that article 39 requires notice when the buyer claims that an inadequate quantity -LRB- as opposed to quality -RRB- of goods was delivered . One court has also applied the article 39 notice requirement when the buyer complained that delivery of seasonal goods was late , although that decision has not been   followed   in other cases . Each separate lack of conformity is subject to the notice requirement , and the fact that the buyer may have given proper notice as to one defect does not necessarily mean it has given valid notice as to all claimed non-conformities .
 Currently , day-to-day activities of the Fund are administered by the Secretary of the Fund -LRB- a part-time staff position -RRB- , and a staff allocation equivalent to approximately two full-time personnel . The work of the secretariat   follows   the Fund 's current grant cycle . Between September and November , the Fund receives grant requests , both ongoing and new .
 Simplicity and certainty considerations support the adoption of the same conflict-of-laws rule -LRB- e.g. the law of the grantor 's location -RRB- for both tangible and intangible property , especially if the same law applies to creation , third party effectiveness and priority .  Following   this approach , one single enquiry would suffice to ascertain the extent of the security rights encumbering all assets of a grantor . There would also be no need for guidance in the event of a change in the location of encumbered assets or to distinguish between the law applicable to possessory and non-possessory rights -LRB- and to determine which prevails in a case where a possessory security right governed by the law of State A competes with a non-possessory security right over the same property governed by the law of State B -RRB- .
 Addendum Add the   following   countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution : Dominica , Cameroon , Madagascar , Mali
 UNDP response UNDP issued a directive in mid-July 2004 to all country offices and other offices away from headquarters on the issue of compliance with financial regulations and rules with respect to inventory control. This item is being   followed   up by the Director , ASD . Recommendation
 It is now a fact that population growth has declined appreciably in many of the industrialized developed nations and that this decline poses a serious threat to their future . The Holy See continues to   follow   those matters carefully , while encouraging accurate and objective assessments of population issues and global solidarity in regard to development strategies , especially as they affect the developing nations of the world . The Holy See is concerned that proper attention is not always given to the comprehensive set of principles , including ethical principles , essential in determining the right response to the demographic , sociological and public policy analyses of the data on population trends .
 Requests the Secretariat to continue implementation of this work plan in cooperation with all relevant and interested partners and to keep the Open-ended Working Group and the Conference of the Parties regularly informed on progress as well as initiatives to include new projects in order to adopt a decision on this matter ; Encourages Parties and signatories to   follow   the lead of Australia , Japan and Switzerland in providing funding to the Basel Convention Partnership Programme and becoming actively involved in the programme ; Encourages broader civil society , including environmental non-governmental organizations and the private sector , in particular industry , to provide technical and financial support for the Basel Convention Partnership Programme and to become involved in specific activities at the regional , national and international levels .
 Terms of reference for the joint working group The Terms of Reference as proposed by the three Secretariats are as   follows   : The Joint WG should :
 The reasons for the slow implementation rate were not provided to UNDP headquarters . UNDP informed the Board that the regional audit service centres of the Office of Audit and Performance Review were responsible for   following   up the implementation status of recommendations . The Office would consult with the regional audit service centres to determine the reasons for the slow implementation of recommendation at country offices .
 In cases where it was unclear what to do with the remaining funds , UNDP , after consultations with the donor , would close the trust fund and retain the funds in a payable account , pending a decision by the fund manager on the disposal of the funds . The Board   followed   up on the recommendation in paragraph 144 of its previous report , 2 that the United Nations Volunteers follow up on all inactive sub-trust funds and fully funded arrangements with a view to finalizing all outstanding activities and to comply with the specific closure requirements included in the donor agreements . The Board noted that 6 of the 76 -LRB- 20 of the 96 in 2000-2001 -RRB- fully funded arrangements of the United Nations Volunteers programme listed in schedule 7.3 of its financial statements were still inactive as at 31 December 2003 .
 The training programmes for the librarians of United Nations depository libraries to enhance their capacity for information management and development was also highlighted by a speaker . Concerning the modernization and integrated management of libraries , one speaker took note of the results of the work carried out by the Steering Committee established to   follow   the question . They constituted a good basis for the realization of the goal of improving the efficiency of the United Nations library system , he said .
 The Special Rapporteur requested invitations to visit the following countries : Algeria , Angola , Azerbaijan , Bangladesh , Belarus , China , Cuba , Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , Eritrea , Ethiopia , Indonesia , Liberia , Nepal , Russian Federation , Spain , Sudan , Swaziland , Turkmenistan , Venezuela , Viet Nam and Zimbabwe . In addition , on 29 June 2004 , the Special Rapporteur sent a letter asking to be invited to the   following   countries : Ecuador , Georgia , Guatemala , Honduras , Libyan Arab Jamahiriya , Peru , Philippines , Saudi Arabia , Serbia and Montenegro , Sierra Leone , Sri Lanka , the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Ukraine . So far , he has received positive replies from Guatemala , Honduras , Serbia and Montenegro - the Rapporteur visited the country at the end of October 2004 - Sri Lanka , the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Ukraine .
 We are thus faced with the moral and political imperative to do our utmost to avoid any more suffering on the part of the Haitian people . The action of the Council , in our opinion , must be directed towards finding solutions in the   following   four areas : political , security , humanitarian , and economic and financial . On the political front , a dialogue must begin as soon as possible among the Government , the opposition and the rebel groups to find a peaceful , institutional and negotiated outcome to this crisis .
 They may also request a suspension of action for administrative decisions that have not already been implemented and the implementation of which would , in their view , result in irreparable injury to them . The   following   units and bodies are responsible for managing the United Nations administrative and disciplinary process :  The Administrative Law Unit , Office of Human Resources Management , Department of Management , is responsible for conducting administrative reviews for the United Nations system , acting as respondent on behalf of the Administration in cases filed in New York , providing advice to staff -LRB- appellants -RRB- and managers -LRB- respondents -RRB- with a view to resolving conflicts informally , representing the Administration in disciplinary cases and contributing to the formulation of policy in areas affecting the administration of justice .
 In order to facilitate the Committee 's work and to avoid overlap , we believe it especially relevant that it establish as soon as possible a fluid working relationship with international organizations and regimes with experience in the area of non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , as well as with subsidiary bodies of the Security Council with competency in the field of counter-terrorism , including the Counter-Terrorism Committee -LRB- CTC -RRB- and the Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 -LRB- 1999 -RRB- concerning Al Qaeda and the Taliban . We also find very relevant the suggestion made by the Russian delegation that ,   following   the practice of the CTC , the Committee in the future consider holding periodic meetings with international , regional and subregional organizations working in the area of non-proliferation . We welcome the fact that the Committee 's functioning is following a path similar to that of the Counter-Terrorism Committee , which is to say that it is governed by the same principles of cooperation , equal treatment and transparency .
 The multi-year workplan suggested above would enable the Conference of the Parties to address the following issues : In that connection the Conference may wish to consider the   following   two options or a combination of the two : -LRB- i -RRB- The Conference may wish to request the Secretariat to develop a standard questionnaire , which States parties could use in providing the required information to the Conference ;
 Political leaders in Kosovo must break new ground . Beyond the obligation to marginalize extremists , to   follow   through on commitments to rebuild communities destroyed by the March violence and to renew the dialogue of working groups with Belgrade , political leaders in Kosovo must find new ways to reconcile the ethnic communities . They should do far more to encourage minority returns and ensure a safe environment for members of minority groups who do go back to their homes in Kosovo .
 We have been following with great concern and considerable interest the attempts of some States and entities to use the question of Darfur , despite its local nature , as a political card in the realms of international politics and the internal politics of the United States of America . We have also   followed   , with great distress , the attempts to smear our people and Government by spreading accusations , fabrications , and allegations that are at variance with the facts in Darfur . These include the portrayal of the conflict in Darfur as an ethnic conflict between Africans and Arabs , together with distasteful talk of genocide .
 In concluding the section , the independent expert discusses the nature of international cooperation in implementing a country-specific right to development programme in the present global context and revisits his notion of the development compact presented in his earlier reports . The independent expert has defined the right to development ,   following   article 1 and the preamble to the Declaration on the Right to Development , as a right to a particular process of development in which all human rights and fundamental freedoms can be fully realized . Development is regarded as a process of economic growth , with expanding output and employment , institutional transformation and technological progress of a country that steadily improves the well-being of all people .
 It is true that quite a few developing countries in the post-Second World War and post-colonial period adopted a strategy of import-substitution-based industrialization , with a fair degree of success . However , it turned out that countries that had pursued an export-promotion strategy as central to their economic policy regime -LRB- Japan ,   followed   by the East Asian economies of the Republic of Korea , Singapore , Taiwan , Thailand and Malaysia -RRB- outperformed those that were in the former category . Moreover , the returns on import-substituting industrialization appeared to be diminishing .
 -LRB- Agenda item 5 -RRB- For its consideration of this item , the Commission had before it the   following   documentation : Trade , environment and development : Background note by the UNCTAD secretariat -LRB- TD/B/COM.1/63 -RRB-
 Encourages the United Nations system to continue to develop and implement internal tools and to take effective measures for protection from sexual exploitation and sexual abuse and , in this respect , notes with interest the Secretary-General 's Bulletin on special measures for protection from sexual exploitation and sexual abuse ; Encourages Governments as well as international humanitarian organizations , as appropriate , to take further initiatives to prevent , address and   follow   up on allegations of sexual exploitation and abuse in humanitarian emergencies , and emphasizes that the highest standards of conduct and accountability are required of all personnel serving in humanitarian and peacekeeping operations ; Encourages , in this regard , the United Nations system and its Member States to urge international humanitarian organizations and implementing partners serving within the framework of United Nations humanitarian and other relevant operations to live up to the highest standards of conduct and accountability ;
 At its 51st plenary meeting , on 23 July 2004 , the Economic and Social Council decided : -LRB- a -RRB- To grant consultative status to the   following   114 non-governmental organizations : Special consultative status
 During the trial , the mission had observed a disproportionate and unwarranted police presence . Members of the mission had been   followed   and some had even been detained . The mission had also been informed that the safety of its members could not be guaranteed .
 According to the Hong Kong Cancer Registry , a total of 21 , 349 new cases of cancers were diagnosed in 2000 , of which 45 % occurred in women . Cancer of the breast -LRB- 20 % -RRB- was the commonest among women   followed   by cancer of the lung -LRB- 13 % -RRB- , colon -LRB- 10 % -RRB- , rectum , rectosigmoid junction and anus -LRB- 5 % -RRB- , and cervix -LRB- 5 % -RRB- . It has been observed that 32 % of the cancers among females occurred in the sex-specific sites i.e. breast and reproductive organs in contrast to only about 7 % among men .
 Lawyers , judges and doctors have faced disciplinary proceedings from their professional boards , been sanctioned , lost their jobs , and at times had their licences taken away for offering legal counsel or reporting human rights abuses . In many countries , defenders have continued to face daily surveillance , including being   followed   by plain-clothes officers , having armed men in cars watching their homes and offices , and having their phones tapped . Others have been summoned to report to the police on a regular basis and repeatedly interrogated about their organization and work .
 The observer from Jordan noted that endosulfan residues had been found in the soil and that the chemical had been banned because it was persistent in the environment .  Following   that explanation , the Chair noted that Jordan 's 1994 regulatory decision had been based on the chemical 's intrinsic hazard and on monitoring data and wondered whether that could be deemed to constitute a risk evaluation . In summarizing the discussion , the Chair noted that Jordan 's decision to ban endosulfan had been based on research findings pointing to the chemical 's carcinogenic properties , which stated that it was found in groundwater .
 1.7 As related to the effective implementation of Sub-paragraph 2 -LRB- e -RRB- of the Resolution , the CTC would appreciate an outline of any laws enacted to address cyber crimes and an outline of the provisions that prevent terrorists from misusing the Internet and other electronic systems . The only Estonian law pertaining to this matter is the Penal Code , which deals with the   following   cyber crimes :  178. Manufacture of material involving child pornography , or making child pornography available
 Amendments must be immediately made to effectively mobilize and manage international humanitarian aid . The provision of international aid must also   follow   agreed upon principles , basing itself on coherency , effectiveness and accountability . In this context , it is up to the United Nations to pay particular attention to forgotten emergencies and to develop its rapid response systems .
 Engaging regional bodies at a policy or technical level has also been found to be an effective way of furthering the development and use of criteria and indicators . For example , the subregional groupings  the Permanent Interstate Committee for Drought Control in the Sahel , the Intergovernmental Authority on Development and the Southern African Development Community  endorse and closely   follow   the Dry-Zone Africa Process . Similarly , the Near East Forestry Commission has endorsed and follows the progress of the Near East process .
 As in previous years , the women won a large share of the scholarships and financial grants offered for school year 2002-2003 -LRB- Annex Table B10.4 -RRB- , except for the scholarships given to Muslim students 60 percent of which went to men . Some of these are as   follows   . Outside business administration , which continued to attract young people because of the private-sector jobs that they hope they would land after they graduate , women concentrate in areas -LRB- education -RRB- that do not pay as much as the fields that men specialize in -LRB- engineering ; ADB/WB 1999 -RRB- .
 These new long-range population projections show a smaller future population size -LRB- 9 billion people -RRB- than previous United Nations long-range projections -LRB- 10-12 billion -RRB- . This is primarily due to the recent fertility declines throughout the developing world and the expectation that future fertility trends in the developing countries will   follow   the path experienced by the developed countries . The Population Division has completed the 2003 Revision of World Urbanization Prospects and the first results have been issued as a working paper .
 Tenants , including those in weekly or monthly rental in rooming houses and care homes , are covered by the security of tenure provisions set out under the TPA . The TPA sets out the process which landlords must   follow   to obtain an eviction . Under the TPA , tenants must be notified of the landlord 's application , and in all cases have the opportunity to dispute the grounds for eviction at a hearing before the ORHT .
 The Commission examined 512 complaints of discrimination in housing between the beginning of 1995 and the end of 1999 . The grounds of discrimination most frequently cited in those complaints are social condition ,   followed   by race , colour and ethnic or national origin . During the same period , 75 cases were closed in the course of the investigation , after the parties reached a settlement .
 The statistics are monitored provincially and report nationally to Health Canada and Statistics Canada . The Department of Health &amp; Community Services maintains disease-specific registries on the   following   : Tuberculosis ; HIV/AIDS ; Measles ; Meningococcal ; Hepititis B ; Hepititis C ; Syphilis . The Newfoundland and Labrador Centre for Health Information was established in 1997 to meet the need for health and social information and for a coordinated , centralized health information system to assist and provide policy makers , service providers and individuals with timely , accurate and accessible information .
 It is estimated that 35 million people are directly engaged in fishing and fish farming , and approximately another 100 million people work in fisheries-related occupations . Around 97 per cent of all fishery workers live and work in developing countries  the majority in Asia -LRB- 85 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by Africa -LRB- 7 per cent -RRB- with far fewer employed in Europe , North America and South and Central America -LRB- about 2 per cent each -RRB- .17 Most of these people work in small-scale artisanal or subsistence fisheries to provide nourishment for their families and communities . Millions of people around the world therefore depend in some way on fishing and fish farming livelihoods for their income , making it paramount that they have secure access to these resources and that these resources are not overfished , but used at sustainable levels .
 Information on the activities carried out in 2003 was provided in conference room paper GC.10/CRP.5 and in the Annual Report 2003 . Evaluation reports   follow   UNIDO 's open disclosure policy and are routinely posted to the Evaluation Group web site for public access . Considering that the integrated programmes -LRB- IPs -RRB- were the main feature of UNIDO 's programmatic reform , the present report provides information on lessons learned from the evaluations of IPs with focus on issues of a broad programmatic , managerial and policy relevance .
 Mr. Khane -LRB- Secretary of the Committee -RRB- drew attention to chapter II of document A/59/250 , which spelled out that any decision taken by a Main Committee must be subject to a review of its programme-budget implications . He did not anticipate any difficulty in securing the necessary funding , but the procedures must be   followed   . Ms. Groux -LRB- Switzerland -RRB- said she hoped that the statement of programme-budget implications would be available as soon as possible .
 -LRB- a -RRB- To ascertain , during its regular audits , whether an effective and adequate capacity is in place in peacekeeping operations to plan , manage and monitor the configuration and utilization of air assets ; and to provide in the report information on air incidents and accidents -LRB- see A/57/772 , paras. 108 and 110 -RRB- . -LRB- b -RRB- To continue to   follow   up on matters such as effective and efficient use of resources ; contingent-owned equipment ; inventory management ; procurement practices ; and training -LRB- see A/57/772 -RRB- . -LRB- c -RRB- To review the implementation of the recommendations of the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations and the Panel on United Nations Peace Operations as approved by the General Assembly , to gauge the effects of management reform measures taken since the approval of the report and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session -LRB- General Assembly resolution 57/318 of 18 June 2003 -RRB- .
 The Procurement Division informed the Board that it is making efforts to obtain the most recent financial statement for evaluation to the extent feasible while it is totally dependent on the availability of financial statements at the time of receipt of application for vendor registration . It further stated that it   followed   section 5.07.01 of the Procurement Manual , which requires that vendors submit financial statements that can be adequately evaluated . Mercury system
 This last category includes but is not restricted to : logistical support for terrorists -LRB- including the use of computer technology -RRB- , apologia for terrorism and incitement to terrorism , maintenance of contacts with and between terrorist organizations , terrorist groups and individual terrorists ; provision by any means for terrorists or terrorist groups with the access to CBN materials . The UNSC Consolidated List of Persons and Organizations Associated with International Terrorism is strictly and promptly   followed   in a well organized manner , while the respective National List of the Republic of Bulgaria under Article 5 of the Law on Measures against Financing of Terrorism is periodically updated . The National Program for Countering International Terrorism within the Territory of the Republic of Bulgaria of the National Service Security , together with the introduced further specific measures for enhanced coordination between all specialized services involved in the issue , is well implemented and includes comprehensively developed measures to ensure countering of all risk categories and options , listed in the question above .
 Cannabis continues to be the most widely abused and trafficked drug worldwide . In the period 2000-2001 , the drug with the strongest increase in its level of abuse was cannabis ,   followed   by amphetamine-type stimulants . Measured in consumption units , global seizures of cannabis herb and resin in 2002 accounted for more than two thirds of worldwide drug seizures ; thus , cannabis herb was the most seized drug in Africa and in the Americas and cannabis resin was the most seized drug in Asia and Europe .
 Seizures of all illicit drugs , measured in consumption units , placed cannabis herb as the most seized drug in North America , the Caribbean and South Asia and in all subregions in Africa except North Africa , where cannabis resin was the most seized drug , Morocco being the largest producer of cannabis resin . In 2002 , despite reductions in seizures from the previous year , the largest volume of cannabis herb seized worldwide was reported by Mexico , at 1 , 633 tons ,   followed   by 591 tons in the United States of America . Seizures increased in Canada and all reporting countries in South America except Colombia .
 B. Opiates Opiates remain the principal problem drugs in the world , as reflected in demand for treatment ,   followed   by cocaine . The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime has estimated that almost 15 million people were affected by the abuse of opiates , including heroin , in the period 2000-2001 .
 Countries in West Africa accounted for the largest subregional share . The largest heroin seizure in Africa was reported by Nigeria at 56 kg ,   followed   by Egypt at 55 kg . In Australia , seizures increased more than fourfold , to 459 kg seized in 2002 .
 For 2003 , Australia reported heroin seizures totalling 304 kg between January and June . Pakistan ,   followed   by Afghanistan and Turkey , were the most frequently cited countries of origin of the heroin seized worldwide in 2002 . China reported Myanmar as the country of origin of the heroin seized in its territory .
 Australia cited Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China , Malaysia and Viet Nam as the sources of the heroin it had seized in 2002 . At the global level , Europe ,   followed   by Canada , Germany , the Netherlands , Nigeria and the United States were the most frequently cited as the intended destinations of seized heroin . Part of the heroin seized in Pakistan was reported to be intended for Africa and the Arab States of the Persian Gulf .
 In all the above-mentioned countries except Finland and the Netherlands , the volume of amphetamine seizures increased in 2002 . For amphetamine seized in Europe , the most frequently cited source country was , as for methamphetamine , the Netherlands ,   followed   by Poland and Belgium . Jordan and the Syrian Arab Republic cited Turkey as the source country of the amphetamine seized in their territories .
 South Africa , with 57 kg , was the only country in Africa reporting seizures of significant quantities of Ecstasy in 2002 . The Netherlands was most frequently cited as the source country of the Ecstasy seized worldwide ; it was   followed   by Belgium and Germany . A number of countries also reported local sources .
 This information needs to be captured in an analysis of the adoption of ICT by businesses and its impact on development . The WSIS Plan of Action points to the need to develop statistical indicators for benchmarking and performance evaluation , to   follow   up the implementation of the objectives , goals and targets of the Plan of Action , and to track global progress in the use of ICT . International cooperation is necessary for the setting up of coherent and internationally comparable indicator systems , taking into account different levels of development .
 The main perceived barrier to Internet uptake is very similar across companies from both developed and developing countries . Firms already using the Internet consider the lack of network security to be the key problem ,   followed   by slow and unstable connections . Another important finding is that for many companies the main reason not to go online is not a lack of technical skills but the fact that doing so often depends on management capacities and the overall ICT awareness of the company owner .
 For example , a Polish law enacted in December 1998 provides that amnesties adopted before 7 December 1989 shall not be enforced in relation to , inter alia , war crimes or crimes against humanity . In a decision now under review , the National Court of Appeal for Federal Criminal and Correctional Cases of Argentina confirmed a federal judge 's March 2001 ruling declaring invalid the Full Stop Law , Law No. 23 , 492 of 12 December 1986 , and the Due Obedience Law , Law No. 23 , 521 of 4 June 1987 , which had effectively barred further prosecutions of military officers for human rights violations committed during the previous military regime ; other Argentine courts   followed   suit . In August 2003 , both houses of Congress voted to annul these two laws with retroactive effect -LRB- the laws had previously been repealed with prospective effect -RRB- .
 Similarly , article 20 of the Rome Statute precludes prosecution of a person already tried for the same conduct by another court unless the previous proceedings were for the purpose of shielding the person concerned from criminal responsibility for crimes within the jurisdiction of the ICC or otherwise were not conducted independently or impartially in accordance with the norms of due process recognized by international law and were conducted in a manner which , in the circumstances , was inconsistent with an intent to bring the person concerned to justice . A similar approach has been   followed   in some national laws and at least one national judicial decision . For example , Canada 's Crimes Against Humanity and War Crimes Act of 2000 provides that a person may not plead autrefois acquit or autrefois convict , or pardon , if he or she was tried by a foreign court and the proceedings were for the purpose of shielding him or her from criminal responsibility , or were not otherwise conducted independently or impartially and were conducted in a manner that , in the circumstances , was inconsistent with an intent to bring the person to justice .
 Prospects for agricultural development are limited owing to the small amount of land suitable for cultivation . The largest trading partner of American Samoa is the United States ,   followed   by New Zealand , Australia and Fiji . Imports are mainly food and petroleum products , machine parts , building materials , textiles and clothing .
 Paragraph 13.3 -LRB- c -RRB- Revise the subparagraph to read as   follows   : Field-based technical cooperation projects , upon request , to enhance the capacity of Member States to counteract illicit drugs , crime and terrorism. Paragraph 13.4
 Structuring the communication between NPT members The NPT does not contain any provisions regarding procedures to be   followed   in cases of non-compliance . Thus when for example the grave allegations regarding non-compliance by the DPRK arose in October 2002 , the community of NPT-state parties as such had no direct way of communicating or co-ordinating its views .
 Members of the Council have before them the report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraphs 6 and 13 to 16 of Security Council resolution 1556 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , document S/2004/703 . I should like to draw the attention of members to the   following   documents : S/2004/671 and S/2004/701 , containing the texts of letters dated 19 and 31 August 2004 , respectively , from the Sudan ; and S/2004/674 , containing the text of a letter dated 18 August 2004 from the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General . At this meeting , the Security Council will hear a briefing by Mr. Jan Pronk , Special Representative of the Secretary-General for the Sudan and head of the peace support operation .
 I also recognize that the demand from non-Council members for more information on the Council 's activities will increase . The Security Council will be attentive to the comments of Members on the report before the Assembly today in the debate that will now   follow   . In concluding , on behalf of all Security Council members , I would like to thank members of the Assembly for this opportunity to introduce the Council 's report .
 Japan was deeply concerned by the fact that there was still a significant number of Member States whose voting rights had been suspended . It urged those States and also former Member States which had still not paid their prior years ' arrears to settle their debts as soon as possible ,   following   the recent example of Azerbaijan , Belarus , Lithuania and Ukraine . Mr. FORNOCALDO -LRB- Managing Director , Division of Administration -RRB- said that , as at 21 May , the collection rate stood at 65 per cent , representing a marginal increase on the figures contained in the documents before the Board , and 46 Member States were without voting rights , compared with 52 in 2003 , 57 in 2002 and 60 in 2001 .
 Endorses the conclusions and recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions , 2 subject to the provisions of the present resolution ; Authorizes the Secretary-General to fill the   following   posts at appropriate grades until 30 June 2005 : Director of the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General ;
 The Joint Implementation Mechanism and the first joint verification mission In resolution 1556 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , the Security Council welcomed the joint communiqu and the creation of the Joint Implementation Mechanism , which was established to closely   follow   and appraise developments and periodically report on the implementation of the communiqu . The Joint Implementation Mechanism is co-chaired by the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Sudan and my Special Representative for the Sudan .
 Accordingly , the Committee held its first session in New York from 7 to 18 April 1997 .  Following   the decision taken at that session , the Committee held its second session at Geneva from 27 April to 8 May 1998 and its third session in New York from 10 to 21 May 1999 . Progress reports covering the first two sessions of the Committee were issued , respectively , as documents NPT/CONF.2000/PC.I/32 and NPT/CONF.2000/PC.II/36 .
 Users included national institutions , universities , international organizations , research centres and radio and television stations . Bearing in mind the relevant provisions of the Convention and the procedures to be   followed   in establishing and maintaining the roster of independent experts , the Conference of the Parties might wish to study recommendations which the Committee on Science and Technology might make regarding the further development of the roster , including any instructions which it might give the secretariat with a view to ensuring that the roster is more balanced in terms of its geographical representation , representation of disciplines and in terms of gender . The Committee might also wish to reflect on the most cost-effective ways of continuously updating the roster .
 Indeed , the General Assembly gave impetus to such an agenda when , in December 1998 , it decided to hold the Millennium events , believing strongly that the turn of the century was a unique and symbolically compelling moment to articulate and affirm an animating vision for the United Nations in the new era . Barely a fortnight ago , world leaders met here in New York ,   following   that commitment , to address the challenges of the new century , reaffirm their commitment to the Charter of the United Nations and to demonstrate political will for the new process . The message that emerged from the statements made by the heads of State or Government at the Millennium Summit was the reaffirmation of the unique role of the United Nations in offering the best , and only , universal framework for confronting the challenges of the millennium .
 -LRB- f -RRB- Concerted refusal to supply Concerted refusals to purchase or to supply , or the threat thereof , are one of the most common means employed to coerce those who are not members of a group to   follow   a prescribed course of action . Group boycotts may be horizontal -LRB- i.e. cartel members may agree among themselves not to sell to or buy from certain customers -RRB- , or vertical -LRB- involving agreements between parties at different levels of the production and distribution stages refusing to deal with a third party , normally a competitor to one of the above -RRB- .
 In paragraph 4 , after the words Except as otherwise noted at the beginning of the first sentence , add the following phrase within parentheses :  -LRB- e.g. in paragraphs 5 -LRB- d -RRB- , 10 and 27 with regard to deferred retirement benefits -RRB- . In paragraph 5 , add the   following   new subparagraph -LRB- d -RRB- :  -LRB- d -RRB- The cost-of-living differential factor in subparagraph 5 -LRB- b -RRB- -LRB- i -RRB- above shall not apply to deferred retirement benefits.
 Food security is also a priority area as otherwise , the Palestinian population would be dependent on Israel for its basic food needs . Thus , agriculture is considered the first priority in this sector   followed   by industry , which will become the first priority once the framework for its full implementation is realized and agriculture has become a more stable subsector . Within the industrial subsector , priority is placed on the development of industrial estates which are expected to create approximately 20 , 000 new job opportunities each. Tourism will always be an important potential contributor to economic growth .
 Article 3 Each State Party shall ensure that , as a minimum , the   following   acts and activities are fully covered under its criminal or penal law , whether these offences are committed domestically or transnationally or on an individual or organized basis : -LRB- a -RRB- In the context of sale of children as defined in article 2 -LRB- a -RRB- :
 Eventually , it is our common goal to enhance the capacity of the Security Council to discharge the primary responsibility that it has been entrusted with by members of this Organization . Mr. Stuart -LRB- Australia -RRB- : Ambassador Mahbubani is always a hard act to   follow   and I think he has made a particularly interesting intervention today . I thank him for that .
 On both his visits to the zone , the Special Rapporteur had the impression that an atmosphere of terror prevailed . The people living in the occupied territory consider the Interahamwe to be primarily responsible for the violence ,   followed   by the Mai-Mai and the Rwandan soldiers . However , when asked whom they feared most , they first mentioned the Rwandan soldiers , then the Interahamwe and , finally , the Mai-Mai , who do not kill Congolese , even though they do force the population to give them food .
 As in Kinshasa , all these measures were taken on the basis of legislation enacted during the Mobutu era . On 23 March , the Governor of South Kivu subpoenaed representatives of two radio stations , Radio Maendeleo and Radio Kahuzi , and of the NGO Hritiers de la justice , in order to make it clear that there were guidelines that must be   followed   . Later , by order of the Chief of the Department of Information , the Governor instructed all newspapers and other publications to put themselves in order - an allusion to the political content that it attributed to certain articles .
 First , it recognizes , in accordance with the Vattelian fiction , that priority should be given to a claim brought by the original State of nationality . Only when this is not done and the individual changes her/his nationality does the claim   follow   the individual . Thirdly , the new nationality must have been acquired in good faith. Where a new nationality is acquired for the sole purpose of obtaining a new State protector , this will normally provide evidence of a mala fide naturalization .
 As more missions were liquidated the Department of Peacekeeping Operations would take on more residual liquidation activities , and it should therefore review its capacity in that area to avoid undue delays in the final phase of liquidation . Mr. Repasch -LRB- United States of America -RRB- , referring to the investigation into the procurement of quartering area goods in the United Nations Angola Verification Mission , said that the report -LRB- A/54/548 -RRB- showed that not all procedures had been   followed   correctly and that there had not been full competition for many of the elements of procurement . He noted that the Secretary-General had concurred with the recommendations in the report , and requested a status report on their implementation , particularly on the tightening of procedures to prevent similar incidents from happening in future .
 The Statistical Commission is one of nine functional commissions of the Council , most of which have been meeting annually . In requesting that it be convened annually , the Statistical Commission cited inter alia the need to provide for more continuity of the Commission 's decision-making and oversight of the global statistical process ; the need for a more flexible and rapid response to emerging and topical developments in international statistics ; and the ability to carry out its role more continuously in   following   up the statistical implications of major United Nations conferences , and thus provide enhanced support for the Economic and Social Council in this and related areas . The annualization of the Statistical Commission 's sessions has implications for the conference structure at ESCAP , given the Committee 's role in providing input through articulation of regional views , as noted in paragraph 2 above .
 Processes and procedures have built into them features that provide for further review by the Organization to assure that the authority exercised by the programme manager is implemented properly . For example , in the area of appointment and promotion , the programme manager will make the substantive decision , but he must do so   following   a prescribed process leading to a reasoned and documented decision . The proposed central review board will carry out a review to ensure that the prescribed process has been followed by the programme manager and that extraneous factors that may introduce bias into the system are absent .
 They are also vulnerable to competition from neighbouring islands with lower wage levels and from larger , more efficient businesses in the United States.4 The largest trading partner of American Samoa remains the United States ,   followed   by New Zealand , Australia and Fiji . Imports are mainly food -LRB- 22 per cent -RRB- and petroleum products -LRB- 17 per cent -RRB- , machine parts , building materials , textiles and clothing ; canned tuna accounts for 97 per cent of exports.6
 Addendum Add the   following   country to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution : Mauritania
 44.3 Incorporating that advice extends to the choice of data series for a given application . In the case of enrolment data generated by the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization -LRB- UNESCO -RRB- , we have reason to believe that in the past HDRO has not consistently   followed   UNESCO 's advice . 44.4 However , we understand that HDRO has developed much more effective working relationships with UNESCO when it comes to the choice of data series , the calculations based on those series and the interpretation of those series .
 They are not free to leave these institutions once confined to them . A comprehensive policy has to be drawn up to abolish practices which impinge upon the life of any person purely because of sexual distinction. The Special Rapporteur intends to continue to   follow   individual cases to assess the level of impunity extended to such crimes . In this connection , she would also like to acknowledge the efforts made by some Governments and judges in bringing the perpetrators of such violations to justice .
 A member appointed to replace a member whose term of office has not expired shall hold office for the remainder of his or her predecessor 's term , and may be reappointed once. -LRB- c -RRB- A new article 8 shall be inserted , to read as   follows   : Where the three members of the Tribunal sitting in any particular case consider that the case raises a significant question of law , they may , at any time before they render judgement , refer the case for consideration by the whole Tribunal .
 the end of the month , a proceeding in Jerusalem 's District Court would examine Peace Now 's claim that it had the right to be given such information under the Freedom of Information Law . Peace Now 's report also ranked the settlements in terms of size , disclosing that Ma'aleh Adumim -LRB- 3 , 405 dunams -RRB- was the largest ,   followed   by Ariel -LRB- 2 , 903 dunams -RRB- , Giva't Ze'ev -LRB- 1 , 935 -RRB- and Efrat -LRB- 1 , 509 -RRB- . According to the report , Ma'aleh Adumim had some 50 , 000 dunams under its jurisdiction , an area 16 times larger than its utilized land. -LRB- Ha'aretz , 16 February -RRB-
 In terms of GNP share of their aid to LDCs , Belgium , Denmark , Italy , Luxembourg and the United Kingdom improved their performance in 1998 . In terms of nominal volume of ODA , Japan was the most important donor to LDCs in 1998 -LRB- with a contribution of over $ 1.5 billion -RRB- ,   followed   by the United States , Germany and France , each contributing more than $ 1 billion ODA to the LDCs . In 1998 , ODA to LDCs/GNP ratio contracted in 10 out of 21 DAC member countries , and only five countries met the special targets for aid to LDCs set in the Programme of Action as compared to seven countries which met this target in 1997 .
 On 15 August 1999 , at 0905 hours , an Iraqi loader truck accompanied by 3 Mercedes Benz trucks was spotted excavating at coordinates 39R TP 44000-50000 on the map of Abadan . On 16 August 1999 , a new grey Iraqi military boat , equipped with 2 outboard motors and a wave guard , displaying no fishing markings , was spotted   following   an Islamic Republic of Iran army , crane-equipped barge near its port at coordinates 39R TP 50700-40800 on the map of Khosroabad . On 31 August 1999 , an Iraqi mechanical shovel was spotted at coordinates 38S NB/PB 96000-65000 on the map of Mehran , digging a canal .
 They will be responsible for daily monitoring , inspecting and reporting on all aspects of the services provided by contractor -LRB- s -RRB- , utilizing a quality assurance surveillance programme and operating a statistical sampling plan . They will report their results in writing and   follow   up on directions and recommendations made following analysis of the results . Eighteen posts are being redeployed from the Logistics Operations Support Section to the Special Police Services Unit , as follows -LRB- one P-3 , two Field Service , three General Service -LRB- Other level -RRB- , 12 Local level -RRB- .
 The Chief of the Asset Disposal Unit and an environment officer -LRB- P-3 -RRB- will set up a proper Asset Disposal Unit , provide requests for proposal for all required contracts for the disposal of scrap and contaminated waste , as well as scope of work for the treatment and removal of contaminated soil and oil spills . The Officer will be responsible for the oversight and management of the respective contracts and for ensuring that the guidelines for environmental safety are   followed   throughout the mission area . The incumbent will maintain accurate records of all written-off United Nations-owned property and contingent-owned equipment and ensure that United Nations rules and regulations for the write-off procedure have been followed .
 Women accounted for 42 per cent of all recruited staff -LRB- a 1.5 per cent decline from 1998/1999 level -RRB- . In the General Service and related categories , the departments and offices recruiting more than 50 staff were UNOG , ECA , the United Nations Office at Vienna -LRB- UNOV -RRB- and DPKO/FALD ,   followed   by the Department of Public Information -LRB- DPI -RRB- , DGAACS , the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean -LRB- ECLAC -RRB- , DM and UNEP . In the Professional category DPKO/FALD recruited more than half -LRB- 1 , 047 -RRB- of all new Professional staff , followed by DPI , the Department of Peacekeeping Operations -LRB- DPKO -RRB- , UNEP , ECLAC , the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights -LRB- OHCHR -RRB- and the Office for the Coordination of Human Rights -LRB- OCHA -RRB- , each with more than 50 new staff .
 In the General Service and related categories , the departments and offices recruiting more than 50 staff were UNOG , ECA , the United Nations Office at Vienna -LRB- UNOV -RRB- and DPKO/FALD , followed by the Department of Public Information -LRB- DPI -RRB- , DGAACS , the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean -LRB- ECLAC -RRB- , DM and UNEP . In the Professional category DPKO/FALD recruited more than half -LRB- 1 , 047 -RRB- of all new Professional staff ,   followed   by DPI , the Department of Peacekeeping Operations -LRB- DPKO -RRB- , UNEP , ECLAC , the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights -LRB- OHCHR -RRB- and the Office for the Coordination of Human Rights -LRB- OCHA -RRB- , each with more than 50 new staff . Seven departments14 each recruited 20 or more P-2 staff -LRB- DPKO/FALD recruited 235 P-2 staff -RRB- .
 More than half of the separations were by staff with over 20 years of service . The principal reasons for separation were retirement and resignation ,   followed   by expiration or non-renewal of contract . Half of the resignations were tendered because of a better job offer , 40 per cent for family reasons and 10 per cent for educational opportunities .
 Although there appears to be some duplication in the functions performed by desk officers in DPKO and their counterparts in the regional divisions of DPA , closer examination suggests otherwise . The UNMIK desk officer 's counterpart in DPA , for example ,   follows   developments in all of Southeastern Europe and the counterpart in OCHA covers all of the Balkans plus parts of the Commonwealth of Independent States . While it is essential that the officers in DPA and OCHA be given the opportunity to contribute what they can , their efforts combined yield less than one additional full-time-equivalent officer to support UNMIK .
 While one of the United Nations main virtues is that it provides a forum for 189 Member States to exchange views on pressing global issues , sometimes dialogue alone is not enough to ensure that billion- dollar peacekeeping operations , vital conflict prevention measures or critical peacemaking efforts succeed in the face of great odds . Expressions of general support in the form of statements and resolutions must be   followed   up with tangible action . Moreover , Member States may send conflicting messages regarding the actions they advocate , with their representatives voicing political support in one body but denying financial support in another .
 In this respect we want to avail ourselves of this forum to invite the international community to steadily increase the volume of international cooperation activities in Equatorial Guinea . With the primary purpose of ensuring peace and security in our subregion , we hope that the United Nations will support the appropriate mechanisms for the maintenance of peace , security , stability , cooperation and development in the Central African subregion ,   following   the political will of the heads of State of that subregion , inspired by the establishment of the Council of Peace and Security in Central Africa -LRB- COPAX -RRB- , a body for political and military agreement among the member countries of the Economic Community of Central African States -LRB- ECCAS -RRB- . As regards the promotion of measures for the maintenance and the strengthening of peace and security , we have , within COPAX , a Central African Multinational Force -LRB- FOMAC -RRB- and an Early Warning Mechanism for Central Africa -LRB- MARAC -RRB- .
 The five cases already dealt with , some calling for provisional measures and others for a more detailed and in-depth analysis of issues in dispute , attested to that fact . The authority of the Tribunal was demonstrated in the fact that its Orders and Judgments had been   followed   and implemented . It was anticipated that the workload of the Tribunal would increase as more and more inquiries were made by States wishing to submit their disputes to it .
 UNDP is providing substantive inputs and comments to the study of the independent expert on the right to development . UNDP is also   following   the discussions in the open-ended Working Group on the Right to Development . UNDP is developing its in-house capacity in human rights and sustainable human development by training its staff .
 During its 2001 session , the Commission will adopt a multi-year programme for 2002-2005 .  Following   the provisional agenda for the next session , there will be two thematic issues on the agenda , in addition to the follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women held in Beijing 1995 and to the special session of the General Assembly entitled Women 2000 : gender equality , development and peace for the twenty-first century . The two thematic issues are Women , the girl child and HIV/AIDS and Gender and all forms of discrimination , in particular racism , racial discrimination , xenophobia and related intolerance .
 The Special Representative predicts a boost in membership and enhanced credibility for these groups . He will   follow   their progress with interest . The Special Representative would also pay tribute to other sectors of civil society , particularly women 's associations , labour unions , students , and the seven Batwa organizations .
 The United Nations Centre for International Crime Prevention reported that those provisions had been based on the 1988 United Nations Convention against the Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances , UNCLOS and IMO Circular MSC/Circ.896 . In addition to the information provided by the United Nations Centre for International Crime Prevention , it should be noted that article 7 of the Protocol , entitled Cooperation ,   follows   closely the wording of article 17 , paragraph 1 , of the 1988 Convention . Under article 7 , States parties are called upon to cooperate to the fullest extent possible to prevent and suppress the smuggling of migrants by sea , in accordance with the international law of the sea , which according to the interpretative notes is to be understood as including UNCLOS as well as other relevant international instruments.66
 Of particular concern during the negotiations was the inclusion of vessels -LRB- mother ships -RRB- that transport smuggled migrants on open ocean voyages , but which are sometimes not apprehended until after the migrants have been transferred to smaller local vessels . Article 8 -LRB- Measures against the smuggling of migrants by sea -RRB-   follows   closely the wording of article 17 , paragraphs 2 , 3 , 7 and 8 , of the 1988 Convention . It permits a State party , inter alia , to board , search or take other appropriate action against a vessel suspected of being engaged in the smuggling of migrants by sea .
 In this connection , attention is drawn to past reports of the Secretary-General which highlighted the need for States to have national legislation in place granting enforcement jurisdiction over ships without nationality -LRB- see , e.g. , A/54/429 , para . Article 9 -LRB- Safeguard clauses -RRB- of the Protocol   follows   closely the wording of article 17 , paragraphs 5 , 10 and 11 , of the 1988 Convention as well as articles 94 , paragraph 1 , and 110 , paragraph 3 , of UNCLOS . What is new , inter alia , is the requirement for States parties , when taking measures against a vessel , to ensure the humane treatment of the persons on board , and to ensure within available means that any measure taken is environmentally sound .
 The Regulations are the first segment of a so-called seabed mining code that will eventually govern exploration for and exploitation of all deep-sea minerals in the Area . The regulations set out the provisions that prospective seabed miners , on the one hand , and the Authority , on the other , must   follow   in any work to locate and evaluate deposits of nodules rich in valuable metals such as nickel , copper , cobalt and manganese . Regulations governing the exploitation of nodules will be drawn up in due time .
 In one case the outside counsel began work in June 1997 and ended on 31 December 1998 . The General Legal Division forwarded the recommendation for hiring outside legal counsel on 28 January 1997 and periodically   followed   up the matter with the Procurement Division . The Office of Legal Affairs formally proposed the contract to the Procurement Division in December 1997 .
 Concerns were expressed that that approach might create uncertainty as to the status of those States not accepting the instrument and as to the possible application of reciprocity between States . It was also suggested that a declaration or recommendation was not binding on national courts and there was therefore no certainty that it would be universally   followed   , even if promoted by UNCITRAL . As a further alternative , it was suggested that a liberal interpretation of the New York Convention should be encouraged by following the approach of some courts as noted in document A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.108/Add.1 at footnote 9 , according to which the writing requirement in the New York Convention should be interpreted in the light of the subsequent UNCITRAL Model Law , whose authors wished to adapt the regime of the Convention to current needs without modifying the Convention .
 Every year , since 1993 , Calypso Productions has organized a theatrical production in conjunction with education programmes -LRB- education packs , workshops and seminars with schools and community groups -RRB- to build awareness and promote debate on the issues in question -LRB- for 1997 it was racism , for 1998 refugees and asylum-seekers -RRB- . The Special Rapporteur would like to praise this kind of activities for giving a voice to marginalized groups and to propose it as an example to be   followed   in other countries . The Special Rapporteur welcomes the expressed commitment of the Government of Ireland to democracy , the rule of law and human rights , in particular the right to freedom of opinion and expression .
 History , both past and present , is replete with examples of cases in which the pretext of protecting nationals has been used as a justification for military intervention . The writings of the Argentine jurist , Carlos Calvo , which sought to restrict the right of diplomatic protection , were a response to military interventions in Latin America. The Drago doctrine of 1903 , which sought to outlaw military intervention for the recovery of contract debts owed to foreign nationals , was a response to the action taken by Italy , Germany and Great Britain against Venezuela in 1902   following   its failure to pay contractual debts owed to the nationals of those States . This resulted in the Porter Convention of 1907 Respecting the Limitation of the Employment of Force for the Recovery of Contract Debts -LRB- Convention II of the 1907 Hague Peace Conference -RRB- , which in article 1 obliged States not to have recourse to armed force for the recovery of contract debts claimed from the Government of one country by the Government of another country as being due to its nationals. That this prohibition on the use of force was not absolute was made clear by the qualification to the article that :
 The above conflict over the requirement of an effective link in cases of dual nationality involving third States is best resolved by a compromise which requires the claimant State only to show that there exists a bona fide link of nationality between it and the injured person . This rule has been   followed   by the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal in a number of cases concerning claimants who were at the same time nationals of the United States and a third State . Even where the issue of dominant nationality was raised in such cases , the required proof was often considerably less strict than in cases concerning Iran-United States dual nationals .
 In its consideration of this subitem , the Committee had before it a note by the secretariat -LRB- UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.7/8 and UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.7/INF/4 -RRB- on financial rules and procedures for the Conference of the Parties , its subsidiary bodies and its secretariat prepared in response to the request made to the secretariat by the Committee at its sixth session . The Committee noted that the document contained elements for financial rules and provisions   following   the pattern of those adopted by other Conferences of the Parties . It further noted that the draft budget in annex II to the note was based on certain assumptions relating to the periodicity of the Conference of the Parties and the Interim Chemical Review Committee , and the nature of contributions .
 There can be no doubt that sustainable development requires optimal use of resources . The finite nature of natural resources , combined with population growth and rising expectations , is a potential threat to the peace unless clear guidelines are developed and   followed   with regard to shared natural resources . The work of the International Law Commission on Watercourses and Liability underscores its capacity to produce norms or guidelines assuming a general instrument is envisaged rather than a resource specific approach -LRB- e.g. water , oil and gas , minerals , living resources -RRB- .
 -LRB- d -RRB- If the request relates to documents or evidence as described in article 93 , subparagraph 10 -LRB- b -RRB- -LRB- ii -RRB- , the Prosecutor or Chamber , as appropriate , shall obtain the written consent of the relevant State before proceeding with the request . -LRB- e -RRB- When the Court decides to grant the request for cooperation or assistance from a State , the request shall be executed , insofar as possible ,   following   the procedure outlined therein by the requesting State and permitting persons specified in the request to be present . Rule 9.18
 There are concerns that the authorities have not taken prompt and effective action to investigate these killings or prevent further killings . The Special Rapporteur intends to   follow   this situation very closely in the months to come and to return to the issue in her coming reports to the Commission on Human Rights . C. Violations of the right to life concerning refugees and internally displaced persons
 According to Management , owing to time constraint and to avoid surrendering of appropriations , it was decided to hold funds for outstanding requisitions using a global miscellaneous obligating document against which purchase orders could be raised when suppliers were identified in a competitive manner . Management also indicated that the miscellaneous obligating documents were also used for requirements unforeseen in the approved budget for which there was insufficient time available to advertise for suppliers and to   follow   established procurement rules and procedures . The Board recommended , and the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda agreed , that the Tribunal ensure full compliance with established procedures , which do not permit the use of miscellaneous obligating documents to reserve credits for travel and the purchase of goods and services .
 The three States mentioned in the third report -LRB- Liechtenstein , Monaco and the Philippines ; A/CN.4/491 , note 35 -RRB- and also China and Switzerland . The Special Rapporteur wishes to thank those States and to express the hope that other States will   follow   suit . Liechtenstein wondered , however , whether they were not premature .
 Economic , Social and Cultural Rights The Committee on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights considered the second periodic report of Morocco on the implementation of the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights -LRB- E/1990/6/Add.20 -RRB- at its 70th , 71st and 72nd meetings , held on 22 and 23 November 2000 , and adopted , at its 82nd meeting , held on 30 November 2000 , the   following   concluding observations . Introduction
 The Committee welcomes the submission of the State party 's initial report and the written replies to its list of issues -LRB- CRC/C/Q/IRAQ/1 -RRB- . It nevertheless regrets that the report did not   follow   the guidelines established by the Committee . The Committee notes the constructive dialogue it had with the delegation of the State party and the replies it received from the delegation during the discussion .
 -LRB- a -RRB- Introduction The Committee expresses its appreciation for the clear and comprehensive nature of the report , which   followed   the Committee 's guidelines . The Committee also takes note of the written answers to the list of issues -LRB- CRC/C/Q/BARBADOS/1 -RRB- while regretting their late
 -LRB- a -RRB- Introduction The Committee welcomes the submission of the State party 's initial report which   followed   the established guidelines and included substantive statistical information on the situation of children . The Committee also takes note of the written replies to its list of issues -LRB- CRC/C/Q/BEN/1 -RRB- .
 UNTAET , the Government of Indonesia , UNHCR , IOM and the East Timorese leadership are developing plans for a pilot programme for the return of ex-TNI reservists from East Timor -LRB- MILSAS -RRB- and their families . The success of this programme may trigger others to   follow   suit . The Mission recommends that UNTAET and the Government of Indonesia should actively pursue the possibility of other such ad hoc returns .
 7.1 The Policy Planning Unit is headed by a Chief who is accountable to the Under-Secretary-General through the Chief of the Office of the Under-Secretary-General . 7.2 The core functions of the Policy Planning Unit are as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- Coordinating the development of policy options , undertaking background research and drafting analytical papers and documents on cross-cutting issues or emerging questions relevant to the work of the Department ;
 I. Hydroelectricity generation World installed electric generating capacity stood at about 3 , 118 million kilowatts -LRB- kW -RRB- in 1996 ; and of the world net installed electric generating plants , power plants that use fossil fuels dominate with a share of about 65.2 per cent   followed   by hydro with a share of about 22.6 per cent , nuclear with a share of 11.2 per cent and other sources -LRB- geothermal , wind , solar and biomass -RRB- with a share of about 1 per cent . Figure II shows the share of electricity generation by the three major types : in 1996 , hydroelectricity generation accounted for about 16 per cent of the total electricity generated in Africa , Asia and the Pacific and OECD countries , while in Latin America the bulk of electricity generation was by hydropower , accounting for about 74 per cent of the total electricity generated.1
 Failure to understand the rights , responsibilities and opportunities for change conferred by franchise also means that women are not always registered to vote ; -LRB- b -RRB- Women 's double burden of work , as well as financial constraints , will limit women 's time or opportunity to   follow   electoral campaigns and to have the full freedom to exercise their vote ; -LRB- c -RRB- In many nations , traditions and social and cultural stereotypes discourage women from exercising their right to vote .
 The Committee has focused on the question of holds in the humanitarian sector , as well as oil spare parts and equipment . At the 198th meeting , held on 20 April 2000 , the Executive Director of the Office of the Iraq Programme circulated to members graphs and tables on the issue of holds and the Committee agreed to   follow   a sectoral approach in their informal consultations on holds with a view to expediting the approval process . Members of the Committee continued to express concern over the effect of the holds on the humanitarian situation in Iraq .
 Energy used in the residential sector on a per capita basis reflects some of these differences . On a regional basis , per capita energy use is highest in North America at about 30 gigajoules -LRB- GJ -RRB- per year , though there have been significant decreases in the past 25 years ,   followed   by Europe at approximately 20 GJ per year . In Africa , per capita energy use in this sector has risen slightly in recent years , but remains relatively low at about 10 GJ per year .
 Mr. Tesfaye -LRB- Ethiopia -RRB- : When we first took the floor in exercise of our right of reply we clearly stated that we were compelled to do so because of Eritrea 's provocation .  Following   its usual pattern of behaviour , the Eritrean delegation has once again undermined this special session of the General Assembly by injecting issues that are not under consideration and that are out of context . Nonetheless , it is wish of my delegation to reveal the truth and expose this malicious propaganda campaign .
 In that connection , he was pleased to report that the United States and the Russian Federation intended to collaborate closely in efforts to reform the Organization . He hoped that that joint effort by two founding Members whose former differences had often prevented the United Nations from achieving its full effectiveness would stimulate others to   follow   suit . While the United States and the Russian Federation would not present a specific plan , they hoped to help create a more stable financial structure for the United Nations , and invited other countries to join them in that effort .
 The support we received from the Security Council by way of a resolution and the general expressions of encouragement from members inspired us . It allowed us to take on the daunting challenge of   following   in the footsteps of the great Mwalimu Nyerere , the highly gifted and revered international statesman , and to continue the sterling work he had done up to that point . We could do so in the confident knowledge that our world body , and through it the international community , took a serious and direct interest in the quest for peace in Burundi .
 The prevalence of HIV/AIDS infection is low . By the end of 1997 , it was reported that the main mode of transmission was through blood products -LRB- 19 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by heterosexual transmission . There are no data on violence against women .
 Therefore , in order to assist the treaty bodies in identifying areas where technical cooperation may be helpful , a survey of treaty body recommendations for technical assistance and a survey of existing human rights-related technical cooperation projects in States parties will be produced and maintained . These will serve as working tools to help treaty bodies formulate the most specific and implementable recommendations possible ,   follow   general trends in technical cooperation activities and better liaise about the implementation of their recommendations with units in the United Nations Secretariat that conduct technical cooperation projects. These surveys will assist in the coordination of efforts to monitor this aspect of follow-up to treaty body recommendations .
 The first consensus was built around the need to underline the universality , indivisibility and interdependence of all human rights . This was   followed   by the recognition that the actual realization of all human rights was contingent upon and interdependent with advancements in all other areas to be discussed at the Hearing : peaceful resolution of internal conflicts , sustainable development and globalization of the economy with social equity . At the same time that it acknowledged progress achieved in each of those areas as the result of the different international conferences and summits convened by the United Nations since 1990 , the Hearing pointed out that there were critical challenges to be met as the new millennium begins regarding , inter alia , the violation of the human rights of women , the violation of the rights of indigenous peoples , and most acutely , poverty , exclusion , environmental degradation and violence .
 -LRB- b -RRB- Emergency situations that will require new or expanded support structures , such as in the case of East Timor and Kosovo in 1999 . Under the present procedure , UNICEF is required to adhere to the post pyramid as presented in the biennial budget proposal , and this is built into instructions and procedures for all budget holders to   follow   . In the case of new CPRs , if additional support is required , in terms of an additional support budget post or an upward reclassification of a post , then , unless an offset is found , this can not be put in place until the next biennium , i.e. only in the second year of the new country programme .
 In some cases , if the office wants to give up a P-5 level post in the support budget to establish a P-2 level post and a national Professional post , although this would yield savings , it can not be done since this would add a post to the post pyramid in the support budget . UNICEF will continue to   follow   the format of the harmonized budget presentation as agreed with the United Nations Development Programme and the United Nations Population Fund . This format will provide information on financial input and the post pyramid .
 Decides , in order to respond fully to the necessity for an integrated and coordinated approach in the promotion and protection of the right to food , to appoint , for a period of three years , a special rapporteur , whose mandate will focus on the right to food ; mandate , to accomplish the   following   main activities : -LRB- b -RRB- To establish cooperation with Governments , intergovernmental organizations , in particular the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations , and non-governmental organizations , on the promotion and effective implementation of the right to food , and to make appropriate recommendations on the realization thereof , taking into consideration the work already done in this field throughout the United Nations system ;
 The Working Group notes the work currently under way in the General Assembly concerning a possible code of conduct for experts on mission and United Nations officials other than Secretariat staff . The Group encourages the special rapporteurs to continue to   follow   this exercise closely and requests that they report , through the Chairperson of their annual meeting , to the Commission at its fifty-seventh session . Rationalization of mandates : general criteria
 Below is a list of the recurring issues identified in these reports along with OAPR recommendations for corrective action . The Administrator has noted the recommendations and has instructed the appropriate units to   follow   up to ensure that action is taken . Organizational and financial operations
 In September 1997 , after several years of consideration , a working group of governmental experts agreed to a draft declaration on the safeguarding of future generations , based on the proposal originally submitted by the Cousteau Society . The Society closely   followed   activities related to the International Conference on Water and Sustainable Development -LRB- Paris , March 1998 -RRB- and participated in meetings leading up to the Conference . Other relevant activities
 Monitoring of United Nations meetings Other meetings related to United Nations conferences -LRB- e.g. , on racism -RRB- are also   followed   and reports are provided . North-South XXI
 The Working Group elected Mr. El-Hadji Guiss as Chairman-Rapporteur . The   following   members of the Sub-Commission who were not members of the working group also took part in the discussions : Mr. Asbjrn Eide , Ms. Franoise Jane Hampson , Mr. Godfrey Bayour Preware , Mr. Louis Joinet , Mr. Joseph Oloka-Onyango , Mr. Fried van Hoof , Ms. Deepika Udagama , Ms. Halima Embarek Warzazi , Mr. Yozo Yokota , Ms. Leila Zerrougui The following specialized agency was represented at the session of the working group : International Labour Organization .
 The International Soil Reference and Information Centre -LRB- ISRIC -RRB- and the United Nations Environment Programme -LRB- UNEP -RRB- have estimated that land degradation affects around 2 billion hectares , of which 38 per cent are classified as lightly degraded , 46 per cent as moderately degraded , 15 per cent as strongly degraded and 0.5 per cent as extremely degraded . By region , Asia has the highest percentage of the world 's degraded lands -LRB- 38 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by Africa -LRB- 25 per cent -RRB- , South America -LRB- 12 per cent -RRB- , Europe -LRB- 11 per cent -RRB- North America -LRB- 8 per cent -RRB- and Australia -LRB- 5 per cent -RRB- . In sub-Saharan Africa and in some other regions , efforts to increase crop production and develop cash crops have also had negative effects. These include reductions in fallow periods , soil nutrients , organic matter , soil fertility and permeability .
 Bridging the gap between the pressing , often dramatic interests of the most vulnerable and deprived people in the world and the legitimate concerns of States has been the crucial theme of my decade at the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees -LRB- UNHCR -RRB- . My central question today is therefore the   following   : What do refugees need from the Security Council ? What does the United Nations refugee agency expect from the body responsible for addressing peace and security problems in order to be able to fulfil its core mission to provide effective protection to refugees and find durable solutions to their problems ?
 Accreditation Throughout its discussion of the matter , the Committee stressed that its review of the issue was not intended to restrict the participation of the non-governmental organizations in United Nations meetings but rather to ensure that those organizations   followed   the expected norms and practices regulating that participation . In view of the various incidents reported to the Committee involving abuses of the accreditation procedure , the Committee emphasized the importance of the Secretariat continuing to hold training sessions to better inform non-governmental organizations about the accreditation procedures and the principles of consultative status as set out in Council resolution 1996/31 .
 UNHCR Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees The Commission on Human Rights has been   following   the human rights situation in Colombia with concern for several years . Thus , in 1996 , 1997 and 1998 , statements were made by its Chairperson indicating concern about the human rights situation in Colombia , recognizing the efforts that the Government has been making in this field .
 I am proud to announce from this rostrum that Senegal is one of only two countries to have deposited , on 26 May 2000 , its instrument of ratification for the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women . I should also add that my Government will shortly establish a national monitoring office for the rights of women and girls that will function as an institution to analyse , monitor and   follow   up the observance of those rights . The head of State of Senegal , His Excellency Matre Abdoulaye Wade , makes the promotion and protection of the rights of women a major priority of his Government programme as a way to eradicate poverty in all its forms .
 -LRB- i -RRB- Require departments to prepare procurement plans for submission to the relevant procurement units -LRB- para. 54 -RRB- ; -LRB- j -RRB- Issue clear guidelines to field offices on the procurement procedures to be   followed   and the delegated limits that apply -LRB- para. 59 -RRB- ; -LRB- k -RRB- Work with the United Nations Office at Vienna to draw up an agreement with it specifying the level and quality of all services provided , including procurement -LRB- para .
 Of those worldwide figures , 564 tons , or about 67 per cent , were seized in the region . The Islamic Republic of Iran held the absolute record with 492 tons or about 58 per cent of worldwide seizures ,   followed   by Pakistan with 66 tons , or 8 per cent , China with 55 tons , or 6 per cent , and Turkey with 46 tons , or 5 per cent . In comparison , all western countries combined -LRB- excluding Turkey -RRB- seized only 73 tons , or 9 per cent of the worldwide total , during the same period .
 In Viet Nam , poppy cultivation remained at a low level of a few hundred hectares in 1998 and 1999 . South-east Asia accounts for less than 10 per cent -LRB- 1993-1999 average -RRB- of global cannabis herb seizures , the bulk of which continues to take place in the Americas ,   followed   by Europe and Africa . Nevertheless , illicit traffic and distribution of cannabis herb within the region is widespread .
 This form of harmonization has not yet been addressed in a systematic way . It is more complicated than originally expected , particularly since Governments do not always adopt national plans nor do they   follow   fixed timeframes for their development strategies . Budget cycles may also vary and political events may supersede plans .
 Conclusions and recommendations The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve programme 13 , International drug control , of the proposed medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005 , subject to the   following   modifications : Paragraph 13.1
 The Ombudsperson will have the authority to inquire into UNTAET activities in all sectors , and will be supported by a Deputy Ombudsperson -LRB- P-5 -RRB- , who will provide legal advice and support in the management of cases , inquiries and interviews and provide recommendations for remedial action . Two Ombudsperson Officers -LRB- P-3 -RRB- will conduct inquiries and interviews ,   follow   up individual cases and prepare investigation reports . Two General Service -LRB- Other level -RRB- and four local staff will support this office .
 For the first six months of 2000 , elections in Haiti were the primary focus of attention . The United Nations Development Programme -LRB- UNDP -RRB- provided technical advice and assistance to the election commission and the OAS-sponsored Election Observation Mission   followed   all relevant aspects of the electoral process . Cooperation and consultation between the two organizations was critical to ensuring a unified international approach throughout the process .
 An external federal audit by a United States Inspector General in 1999 found $ 18.7 million in unrealized revenues and $ 408 , 200 in unsupported costs . Employers must   follow   federal and territorial labour laws , such as minimum wage and hours , standards of safety and occupational health , and payment of social security and unemployment insurance . Public health
 Her delegation wished , however , to recall certain global considerations which needed to be borne in mind in order to avoid an impasse in the consultations on the scale . The law of the United Nations concerning the scale of assessments for the apportionment of its expenses was set out in Article 4 , paragraph 1 , of the Charter , relating to the ability and willingness of States to carry out their obligations under the Charter , together with Article 19 of the Charter , which specified the procedure to be   followed   where a Member was unable to pay owing to conditions beyond its control . The Committee on Contributions had interpreted those provisions in terms which highlighted the criteria of stability , simplicity , transparency , reliability , verifiability , comparability and real capacity to pay .
 The Advisory Committee points out that the report on resource requirements -LRB- A/55/507 and Add.1 -RRB- was submitted before the Panel 's report was reviewed by the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations and the Fourth Committee . The normal course would have been to   follow   the requirements set out in rule 153 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly . The Advisory Committee notes that several of the recommendations are proposed to be implemented by the Secretary-General as from 1 January 2001 .
 Note by the Secretariat In accordance with Economic and Social Council resolution 1894 -LRB- LVII -RRB- , the   following   draft provisional agenda for the thirty-fifth session of the Commission has been prepared on the basis of existing legislative authority . It will be completed at the present session in the light of resolutions and decisions adopted by the Commission and will be submitted to the Economic and Social Council for review , in accordance with Council resolution 1979/41 .
 It is encouraging that the diamond industry has decided on steps to rid itself of illicit and conflict diamonds . These have to be implemented and effectively   followed   up . We must remember that our effort in this regard will be as strong as its weakest links .
 All requests for work on building systems should be made through the Engineering or Building Management Section , with a detailed and properly authorized work order , which should decide on the need for and priority of the work . Procedures to be   followed   for implementing building construction , installation of camp systems and repair/maintenance projects are outlined in the mission logistics directives and in the Engineering Support Services Manual of Procedures , which the Division distributes to all missions . These are to be adhered to by the missions at all times , including during liquidation .
 This recommendation has been implemented . The Department recently sent a fax to all missions reminding them of the need to   follow   reporting procedures on vendor/contractor performance in respect of contracts entered into by the Procurement Division at Headquarters . In paragraph 109 , the Board recommended that the Administration reintroduce the training programme for chief administrative officers and to extend it to cover other management personnel .
 Addendum  Following   the preparation report of the Secretary-General submitted in accordance with Sub-Commission resolution 1999/9 , the United Nations Children 's Fund -LRB- UNICEF -RRB- submitted a contribution dated 21 July 2000 . The substantive information received from UNICEF is summarized below .
 Mr. Schumacher -LRB- Germany -RRB- : Good morning , Mr. President . I think before I start my speech I should compliment you on your tough guidance and the good example you are setting , and I do hope that very soon the rest of the audience will   follow   and will recognize how important it is today that we should not squander our time when important issues are at stake . I have the honour today of introducing agenda item 173 entitled Towards global partnerships .
 His delegation had experienced similar difficulties . The export control process had thus far been conducted in a non-transparent manner , and it was clear that the guidelines and rules for exports were not entirely being   followed   and actually constituted obstacles for countries . Multilateral guidelines should be prepared in conjunction with IAEA and with the participation of all States concerned , and the export control process should be endorsed with greater transparency .
 The authors are represented by counsel , Franois Roux . * The   following   members of the Committee participated in the examination of the present communication : Mr. Nisuke Ando , Mr. P.N. Bhagwati , Lord Colville , Ms. Elizabeth Evatt , Mr. Louis Henkin , Mr. Eckart Klein , Mr. David Kretzmer , Mr. Rajsoomer Lallah , Ms. Cecilia Medina Quiroga , Mr. Martin Scheinin , Mr. Hiplito Solari Yrigoyen , Mr. Roman Wieruszewski , Mr. Maxwell Yalden , Mr. Abdallah Zakhia . Under rule 85 of the Committee 's rules of procedure , Ms. Christine Chanet did not participate in the examination of the case .
 The rest of the allegations put forward by the author stand undisputed and , in the circumstances , the Committee finds that article 10 , paragraph 1 , has been violated . 10.3 With regard to the author 's claim that , on 5 March 1997 , he was beaten by several warders at St. Catherine 's District Prison , the Committee notes that the State party in its investigations of the allegations found that the beating was unavoidable as the author and three inmates had failed to   follow   repeated instructions to leave a particular cell . However , the Committee also notes the medical report provided by the State party which reveals that the author sustained injuries to his head , back , chest and legs which appear to go beyond that which is necessary to forcefully remove someone from a cell .
 guilt. Under the new system , all cases are tried by first instance courts , and all convicted persons have a right to appeal to the Court of Appeal .  Following   the new Criminal Procedure Act , Norway partially withdrew its reservation to article 14 , paragraph 5 , of the Covenant . 4.2 The State party explains that the grounds on which an appeal may be lodged are unlimited and can concern any defect in the judgement or procedure .
 The United States also increased its contribution to other resources to $ 99 million , a 60 per cent increase compared with its contribution of $ 62 million in 1998 . Sweden continues to be the second largest Government donor ,   followed   by Japan , Norway , the Netherlands , the United Kingdom , Canada , Denmark , Italy , Australia , Switzerland , Finland , France , Germany and Ireland . Together , these 15 Government donors provided 60 per cent of the total UNICEF income in 1999 .
 The follow-up to the CIS Conference -LRB- May 1996 , Geneva -RRB- on refugees , displaced persons and migrants in the CIS region is due to be concluded at the final session of the Steering Group which is being scheduled for July 2000 .  Following   a recommendation of the penultimate meeting of the Steering Group in June 1999 , a Working Group was established to assess the progress made and provide recommendations to the Steering Group on what shape any further international effort should take to support implementation of the Programme of Action . The Working Group met in October 1999 and March 2000 , and after considering an interim assessment report , concluded that international consultation and support was still needed in order to further implement the Programme of Action of the Conference .
 Specifically the Process calls for establishing a broad based `` coalition of the willing '' consisting of a network of humanitarian and development agencies , inter-governmental , governmental and non-governmental donors and recipient countries interested in and committed to support action in favour of societies emerging from conflict . The Brookings Secretariat will facilitate   follow   up actions , including the implementation of the selected partnership initiatives . The two identified partnership initiatives to pilot the process are the Great Lakes region of Africa , with focus on Burundi , and the West African region , with focus on Sierra Leone .
 The situation could change , however , if environmental constraints become more noticeable . The world as a whole can not   follow   the resource- and environment-straining patterns of production and consumption taken by developed countries . In order to reach globally sustainable development , there is a need to progressively uncouple economic growth from environmental stress and create environmental space for developing countries .
 To inform the United Nations of the importance of maintaining the issue on the agenda of the Security Council until Iran ends its occupation of the three islands and the United Arab Emirates restores its full sovereignty over them ; To request the Secretary-General to   follow   up this topic and to submit a report to the Council at its next session . Fifty-fifth session
 It welcomed the establishment of a network of parliamentarians from the Central African countries in Malabo on 24 June 2000 . A mandate was given to the Bureau to continue to   follow   developments and to report on them at the next meeting . -LRB- d -RRB- Establishment of a subregional centre for human rights and democracy
 We thank those Council members who continue to brief non-members on the issues before the Council and who regularly consult with us . We are sure that the new members will continue to   follow   the commitment displayed by their predecessors and will continue to work with the wider United Nations membership on the issues on the Security Council agenda . We wish to reaffirm the role of the Security Council in maintaining international peace and security .
 National plan of action for nutrition This plan was drawn up   following   the recommendations of the International Conference Nutrition held in December 1992 in Rome . Community nutrition project
 According to the population and health survey -LRB- EDS-II -RRB- conducted by the Department of Forecasting and Statistics -LRB- DPS -RRB- in 1992/93 , if we take the height-for-weight indicator at national level , more than one child in five -LRB- 22 per cent -RRB- suffers from growth retardation or chronic undernutrition , with 8 per cent of those cases representing acute and chronic undernutrition . The highest proportions of chronically malnourished children are to be found in the north-east -LRB- 26 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by the south and the central region -LRB- 25 per cent each -RRB- . By contrast , in the west the rate is 16 per cent .
 This essential step is now behind us . We are inclined to believe that all the States signatories to Lusaka are in favour of MONUC deployment and will , if necessary , bring pressure to bear on any reluctant parties to   follow   suit . Let me be frank on another problem that was all too obvious and can not be disguised  the strains that continue to exist between the Joint Military Commission -LRB- JMC -RRB- and MONUC .
 I think we achieved something there , but MONUC has got to follow up quickly , and the capacity of the observers there to act on what we achieved on Kisangani is absolutely vital . The wider assurances that we received while we were there , on security and access for the United Nations to Kisangani , must be   followed   up . Part of this is the agreement between the leaders of Uganda and Rwanda to deconflict in Kisangani .
 Laxity in this matter could lead to the impression that the legal aid system of the United Nations can be manipulated to be an open-ended opportunity for unwarranted gain . The Committee recommends that the Board of Auditors and the Office of Internal Oversight Services , within their respective mandates , redouble their efforts to   follow   up on these allegations . The Committee also recommends that the Tribunal review and as necessary adjust the present staff capacity to manage all aspects of the legal aid system .
 Procedures to be followed The facilitative branch shall   follow   the procedure set out in section III , paragraphs 13 to 24 . -LSB- The multilateral consultative process referred to in Article 16 of the Protocol may be designated to perform the responsibilities of the facilitative branch .
 Procedures to be followed The enforcement branch shall   follow   the procedures set out in section III , paragraphs 25 to 39 . -LSB- 20. The proceedings of the enforcement branch shall apply to Annex I Parties only. -RSB-
 Armenian mosaics and inscriptions throughout the Old City , including the oldest surviving inscription made in Armenian script , on the mosaic floor of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre , bear testimony to the continued Armenian presence in and around Jerusalem since the fifth century . It is also for these reasons that we   follow   very closely and with great concern the situation in the area of conflict and remain vitally interested in peace and stability in this part of the world . The Christian dimension of the question of Palestine as a whole  and Jerusalem in particular , being primarily a religious issue  has also recently appeared within the political framework .
 It welcomed the establishment of a network of parliamentarians from the Central African countries in Malabo on 24 June 2000 . A mandate was given to the Bureau to continue to   follow   developments and to report on them at the next meeting . -LRB- d -RRB- Establishment of a subregional centre for human rights and democracy
 The countries of Latin America and the Caribbean had decided to reject nuclear weapons in 1967 ; at least two States in that region had been capable of developing nuclear weapons but had freely decided to choose the path of peace , security and development offered by the Treaty of Tlatelolco . That example had been   followed   by other regions of the world . In that regard , he pointed out that the Treaty of Pelindaba had become possible only when one of the States parties had freely decided to give up not only its nuclear capability but also its nuclear status in the interests of universal security .
 By 1998 , Ireland had become the second largest world exporter of packaged software , with the total amount of revenues generated by the software sector exceeding US $ 7.4 billion and the export value of US $ 6.6 billion. The success was a combined outcome of good macroeconomic policies , liberal business-friendly microeconomic policies and the availability of high-skilled , dedicated manpower . Another example to   follow   is that of Estonia . Within only a few years , the country has become the leader in Internet use in eastern Europe .
 The World Meteorological Organization -LRB- WMO -RRB- and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations -LRB- FAO -RRB- were represented . The   following   individuals also attended the meeting : Mr. Chako Cherif , consultant -LRB- Niger -RRB-
 UNFPA strongly supports the United Nations resident coordinator system and the implementation of all relevant United Nations decisions . UNFPA will assist in the mobilization of resources from both developed and developing countries ,   following   the commitments made by all countries in the Programme of Action to ensure that the goals of the International Conference on Population and Development are met . Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies
 Support to the parliament , national electoral commissions and the judiciary , which registered the highest level of reporting for the sub-goal ; Special initiatives for social cohesion and a stronger civil society ; The promotion of human rights . Although these results are tied to sensitive issues , average progress against intended outcomes is 74 per cent , spearheaded by RBLAC with progress against intended outcomes averaging 95 per cent ,   followed   by RBAS , RBA and RBEC , with RBAP in last place at 63 per cent . A high 81 per cent of interventions aim at capacity-building , particularly institutional capacity-building that in itself represents about half of the total number of interventions in this area .
 Under outcome A , 15 programmes are reforming organization procedures , structures and rules . Legislative development is a key priority in Africa , where parliaments are being strengthened in 14 countries ,   followed   by Asia with nine country programmes . Ten countries in Asia , Africa and Latin America show significant progress while some progress is recorded for a further 13 countries .
 In developing countries , human poverty affects more than one quarter of the population . Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia have the highest incidence of both income and human poverty ,   followed   by East and South-East Asia and the Pacific , Latin America and the Caribbean , and last , the Arab States . Of particular concern is the fact that in sub-Saharan Africa , poverty is increasing both in proportion and in absolute numbers .
 Applications for oil spare parts and equipment that do not form part of the lists approved by the Committee pursuant to paragraph 18 of resolution 1284 -LRB- 1999 -RRB- will be submitted to the Committee for its consideration in accordance with standard procedures . An application must meet the   following   criteria in order to be approved and considered eligible for payment from the Iraq account : -LRB- a -RRB- The application relates to spare parts and equipment included in the lists approved by the Committee and the distribution plan approved by the Secretary-General ;
 We are certainly very grateful for his comprehensive and very useful briefing , and , like others , we also pay tribute to the members of the international community who have lost their lives in the cause of peace in Kosovo . We have   followed   the municipal elections on 28 October very closely and with very deep interest . We welcome the successful conduct of the elections , held in a free and fair manner and in an atmosphere devoid of violence .
 The Conference to be held in 2001 is a useful opportunity to broaden what has been achieved in Vienna to cover , as appropriate , not only all small arms and light weapons as opposed to civilian firearms , but also transfers by Governments . India has closely   followed   and supported the work of the first panel of governmental experts that resulted in the 1997 report of the Secretary-General on small arms -LRB- A/52/298 , annex -RRB- . We believe that the 1997 report , as well as its 1999 follow-up -LRB- A/54/258 -RRB- , covered substantial ground , clarifying essential issues and generating agreement on measures to tackle the phenomenon of illicit trade in small arms and light weapons .
 As part of the closing procedures , UNDP commissioned an independent assessment of the UNDP 2001 initiative , which was completed in October 1999 . The Board examined the change management planning process as part of its report on the biennium 1996-1997 , and   followed   up on implementation issues at headquarters and in country offices as part of its current review . Implementation of change management
 It is recognized that common services efforts at the country level require strong policy support from the respective headquarters of the concerned organizations including the specialized agencies . The United Nations Office at Nairobi -LRB- UNON -RRB- and the regional commissions headquartered in Bangkok and Beirut have begun to implement common services activities particularly in the area of joint procurement services   following   the example of the Working Group on procurement in New York . The United Nations University -LRB- UNU -RRB- in Tokyo has recently succeeded in establishing a United Nations House on its premises , and is actively exploring common support services arrangements with the organizations on the premises .
 Resources available in the Sentence Enforcement Fund shall be devoted only to the following purposes : -LRB- a -RRB- To finance the Trust Fund established   following   article 79 , 1 ; -LRB- b -RRB- When remaining , to cover the costs to be borne by the Court for the enforcement of sentences in accordance with Rule 208 of the Rules of Procedure and Evidence and with articles 100 and 103 , 4 .
 Activities of the Working Group during 2000 Throughout 2000 , the members of the Working Group have   followed   with concern the difficulties experienced by the Agency and , in particular , the serious financial situation it continued to face . The Working Group held two meetings , on 11 September and 6 October 2000 , to consider the recent developments in the Agency 's financial situation and to prepare its report to the General Assembly .
 The Committee also commends the Government 's efforts to produce , in a short period of time , qualitative and informative responses to the questions posed by the Committee . The Committee welcomes the fact that the Government of Lithuania   followed   the recommendations of the Beijing Platform for Action and approved two national action plans for 1996-1997 and 1998-2000 , respectively , which are in accordance with the priorities of the Platform for Action . The Committee welcomes the fact that Lithuania has ratified the Convention without reservations , and that it intends to sign the Optional Protocol and to accept article 20 , paragraph 1 , of the Convention concerning the time of meetings of the Committee .
 When , pursuant to sub-rule 1 -LRB- a -RRB- or 2 , the questioning is not audio- or video-recorded , the person questioned shall be provided with a copy of his or her statement . The Prosecutor may choose to   follow   the procedure in this rule when questioning other persons than those mentioned in sub-rule 1 , in particular where the use of such procedures could assist in reducing any subsequent traumatization of a victim of sexual or gender violence , a child or a person with disabilities in providing their evidence . The Prosecutor may make an application to the relevant Chamber .
 If the request relates to documents or evidence as described in article 93 , paragraph 10 -LRB- b -RRB- -LRB- ii -RRB- , the Prosecutor or Chamber , as appropriate , shall obtain the written consent of the relevant State before proceeding with the request . When the Court decides to grant the request for cooperation or assistance from a State , the request shall be executed , insofar as possible ,   following   any procedure outlined therein by the requesting State and permitting persons specified in the request to be present . Section V Cooperation under article 98
 Ideally , those reports should not include only information on the use of inputs -LRB- energy , water materials , etc. -RRB- and outputs -LRB- solid wastes , emissions , effluents , etc. -RRB- , but also the strategy or programmes for managing activities with significant environmental impact . Publishing environmental reports for subsidiaries in the host countries could prompt other local companies to   follow   suit and thereby assist the diffusion of environmentally sound management practices . Considerable progress in eco-efficiency could be achieved through supply chain management , making full use of the purchasing power of consumers , businesses and the public sector .
 It is a vision that serves the world 's people , and one that resonates with them , even though it may aggravate some of their Governments . He has challenged us to   follow   his lead , to adopt a people-centred approach to international relations , to move this Organization from the sidelines to the forefront of change . This is not a new agenda for Canada .
 On behalf of my delegation , I reiterate our readiness to work towards finding the truth of this matter . Mr. Fall -LRB- Guinea -RRB- -LRB- spoke in French -RRB- : My delegation   followed   with great interest the statement made in right of reply by the representative of brotherly Burkina Faso . We are pleased by the spirit of fraternity demonstrated by the delegation of Burkina Faso .
 -LRB- i -RRB- Documented structure which safeguards impartiality , including provisions to ensure impartiality of its operations . -LRB- b -RRB- Have adequate arrangements to safeguard confidentiality of the information obtained from Article 6 project participants and   follow   any procedures in this regard established by the COP/MOP . Except as required in the applicable procedures contained in COP/MOP decisions or by law , it shall not disclose information obtained from Article 6 project participants marked as proprietary or confidential , where such information is not otherwise publicly available , without the written consent of the provider of the information .
 In an effort to address this grave problem , the Committee took a major step at its twenty-second session , held in September/October 1999 , in deciding that it would henceforth consider nine reports of States parties at each session , in contrast to the average five or six reports examined at each session until that time . The Committee has undertaken to   follow   this procedure as from its first session in 2000 . To help it deal with its large backlog of reports , the Committee on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights has been authorized by the General Assembly in section IV of resolution 54/251 of 23 December 1999 to hold two extraordinary sessions for the purpose of examining reports of States parties .
 The delegation noted that the amount pledged represented an increase of about 65 per cent over its 1999 contribution . The delegation added that if all donors   followed   that example and made similar percentage increases , UNFPA could effectively implement the most optimistic MYFF scenario . The delegation of Luxembourg stated that last year its country had attained the ODA target of 0.7 per cent of gross national product .
 The UNCTAD secretariat should make every effort to improve communication with countries without representation in Geneva . In its work on LDCs , UNCTAD is responsible for coordinating and preparing the Third United Nations Conference on LDCs and its follow-up , monitoring and analysing the various major international initiatives as they relate to LDCs , assisting LDCs in understanding the key issues in WTO negotiations , following up the Integrated Framework for Trade-related Technical Assistance , as well as other technical assistance initiatives , and implementing and   following   up General Assembly resolutions . The successful implementation of the activities related to LDCs and mandates concerning land-locked and small island developing countries will require provision of sufficient staff and adequate resources for the Office of the Special Co-ordinator for the Least Developed , Land-locked and Island Developing Countries .
 In some circumstances , having witnesses give evidence orally can be the most efficient course of action . Moreover , the production of large quantities of written evidence can render trials sterile , reduce the impact of prosecution evidence , and may make the criminal process very difficult for the public to   follow   . The credibility of the Tribunals among the international community and the victims partly depends upon whether their proceedings are seen to have a powerful impact in bringing home the responsibility of individuals for horrendous crimes .
 Currently , the control self-assessment process includes the completion of an action plan , which is required of management at the end of each control self-assessment exercise . For the results of the control self-assessment conducted in 1999 , which had action plans , and those conducted in 2000 , the Office will initiate a formal process for identifying and   following   up management actions to implement the recommendations . The Office will also identify the negative impact on service delivery of these additional efforts , which are subject to overall availability of resources .
 UNDCP therefore submits that 1998-1999 be used as a cut-off point on this issue . As indicated in the audit report , UNDCP has been   following   up closely with UNDP and has also engaged local accountancy firms to ensure that outstanding audit certificates are submitted . As at 30 June 2000 , UNDCP had obtained audit clearance for $ 4.1 million in such expenditures in 1998-1999 with audits under way to cover a further $ 11.6 million .
 At this stage we can not be definite , but judging by the way things are going it seems that we may be able to conclude work slightly earlier . If there are no other comments , I would reiterate that on Wednesday , 25 October , the Committee will begin action on draft resolutions in clusters   following   the indicated sequence . Action may be postponed at the request of the delegation with convincing reasons , or because the draft resolution will require a statement of the programme budget implications by the Organization .
 Regrettably , the Taliban continues to defy the repeated demands of the international community , reflected in numerous United Nations resolutions , to cease insisting on a military solution of the conflict and to seriously engage in negotiations aimed at settling it peacefully . We believe that the Council should continue to send warning signals to the belligerent party and   follow   up on the decision it has already made . Sustained political involvement of the Council and determination in implementing its resolutions on Afghanistan is absolutely necessary for inducing the Taliban to accept a negotiated settlement .
 This is acknowledged and taken into account by the World Bank and United Nations organizations , as well as UNDCP in its alternative development programmes . Gender analysis , gender monitoring and gender impact evaluation have become essential activities within the United Nations system and the international financial institutions , and UNDCP will   follow   this example to ensure increased success of alternative development projects and programmes . Suppression of illicit drug trafficking
 One method of ensuring that individuals who have suffered injuries as the result of violations of the crimes within the Tribunal 's mandate receive compensation is to allow for such claims to be brought before the Tribunal , ancillary to the criminal trials of the accused . This approach , which would essentially   follow   the ICC model , raises a number of legal and practical issues , including difficult financial matters . The following discussion thus examines these issues and then turns to other approaches that would not involve making claims in connection with the Tribunal proceedings .
 The first question would be which victims would be allowed to make claims for compensation . While the class of victims could be drawn in several ways , the only practical approach would be to   follow   the model established by the International Criminal Court , that is , to allow victims who have putatively suffered injuries as a result of crimes of an accused to make a compensation claim . Any other approach , such as allowing all victims of crimes within the Tribunal 's jurisdiction in the former Yugoslavia to make claims or limiting the claims to victims who actually testify , would be either unworkable or clearly unfair .
 The Committee urges the State party to ensure that no conflicts occur between Commonwealth and state law in this respect . The Committee encourages the State party to   follow   the High Court 's position concerning legitimate expectations arising from the ratification of the Covenant . The Committee encourages the State party to pursue its efforts in the process of reconciliation with Australia 's indigenous peoples and its efforts to improve the disadvantaged situation they are in .
 Member States were consulted about which sector of society had the general responsibility for ageing issues . This was   followed   by families and then by individuals as the major sectors responsible for addressing ageing issues , while the religious and private sectors ranked the lowest . Other entities actively involved with ageing issues are the trade unions and committees on retired workers .
 These include policy and programme development , research , training of health and social professionals , programmes for income-generation , health care and human rights issues . The most important priority for participating developing countries was research to support policy and programme development ,   followed   by training of health and social professionals . Notes
 Such a document should be widely distributed in order to generate debate and awareness of the Convention and its implementation and monitoring within the Government and the general public , including NGOs . At its 653rd and 654th meetings -LRB- see CRC/C/SR.653-654 -RRB- , held on 26 September 2000 , the Committee on the Rights of the Child considered the initial report of Tajikistan -LRB- CRC/C/28/Add.14 -RRB- , which was received on 14 April 1998 , and adopted the   following   concluding observations . The Committee regrets that the State party report was not prepared in accordance with the guidelines for reporting. In this regard , the detailed information provided in the responses to the list of issues were very much appreciated .
 The proposed wording made it difficult to distinguish between injured States and those which had only a legal interest . It would be better for draft article 49 , paragraph 1 -LRB- a -RRB- , to   follow   draft article 43 -LRB- b -RRB- or for the Special Rapporteur to make it clear that States with only a legal interest could seek cessation of another State 's violation but could not seek reparation for damage caused by an internationally wrongful act by which they were not directly affected . Paragraph 2 -LRB- b -RRB- should therefore be deleted .
 Canada had consistently advocated the strongest possible measures against terrorism and had ratified almost all the anti-terrorism conventions . The pragmatic approach   followed   by the United Nations in negotiating international conventions dealing with specific aspects of terrorism had yielded very positive results and had allowed the international community to set up a comprehensive legal framework to combat terrorism effectively , without delving into the very sensitive and potentially counter-productive question of the nature of terrorism . The proposal to hold an international conference on terrorism put forward by Egypt also presented certain challenges , since it could precipitate an unfortunate debate on politicized questions which would ultimately not promote the common goal .
 A UNDG Working Group on Harmonization and Simplification of Programming Processes and Approval , chaired by UNFPA , will propose concrete steps for streamlining of processes , including internal processes of Executive Committee members , and for the integration of CCA/UNDAF into their respective programming procedures . Increased use is being made of best practices , particularly using effective CCA/UNDAFs as models for other countries to   follow   . Further reviews are being held to identify the characteristics of a successful CCA/UNDAF process .
 The Government of Iraq has endeavoured to state its position and to reveal the unfair , unlawful and unprecedented methods adopted by the Commission in its dealings with Iraq , methods that prevent it from being apprised of even the most basic information that would enable it to comment on a claim , form a view thereon and submit any observations it has to make in its regard . In view of the fact that we have received no replies over the past years , we appeal to you once more , in accordance with your legal responsibilities , to intervene in this matter in order to have the Commission   follow   the proper legal procedures established by international law and judicial precedent so as to protect the assets of the Iraqi people from unwarranted dissipation and waste . -LRB- Signed -RRB- Mohammed Said Al-Sahaf
 This group recently held its third meeting in Mexico and it is endeavouring to formulate a proposal for the possible adoption of measures to strengthen confidence and transparency relating to the acquisition , transfer , production and possession of offensive conventional weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean . This will require ,   following   the model of the Tlatelolco Treaty , the support of the countries which supply Latin America with offensive conventional weapons in respecting the self-control measures , which may be established . Allow me , Sir , to stress , once again , how vital it is that the Conference on Disarmament overcome its deadlock .
 Not having any pending process for malpractice , fraud and/or others incompatible with its functions as a designated operational entity . An applicant operational entity shall meet the   following   operational requirements : Work in a credible , independent , non-discriminatory and transparent manner -LSB- under the supervision of a national authority -RSB- -LSB- complying with applicable national law -RSB- which shall include : Documented structure , which safeguards impartiality , including provisions to ensure impartiality of its operations . Except as required in the applicable procedures contained in COP/MOP decisions or by law , it shall not disclose information obtained from CDM project participants marked as proprietary or confidential , where such information is not otherwise publicly available , without the written consent of the provider of the information .
 These forums are critical to ensuring genuine consensus and national ownership of national programmes of action and need to be fully supported . Other LDCs should   follow   this example by developing such national forums . National Preparatory Committees , set up for the preparations for the Conference with the participation of representatives from the public and private sectors and civil society , could be built up into such forums .
 He referred to several cases during the current year in which the United States had denied or delayed issuance of visas to Cuban delegates and experts travelling to official United Nations meetings -LRB- A/AC.154/329 , A/AC.154/332 and A/AC.154/335 -RRB- . In each case , the Cuban authorities had   followed   proper procedures and met all conditions set by the host country . The Permanent Mission of Cuba had formally requested an explanation for the denials .
 Indeed , a wide spectrum of activities , international agreements and agencies of the United Nations have been put to good use in the creation of the impetus necessary for change . We must continue in our endeavours to bring people to a common understanding of how this can best be consolidated , not solely through dialogue , but through concrete actions that must necessarily   follow   . The number and variety of tasks that face the United Nations are by no means small .
 In preparing the Uniform Rules , the Working Group noted that it would be useful to provide in a commentary additional information concerning the Uniform Rules .  Following   the approach taken in the preparation of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce , there was general support for a suggestion that the draft Uniform Rules should be accompanied by a guide to assist States in enacting and applying the Uniform Rules . The guide , much of which could be drawn from the travaux prparatoires of the Uniform Rules , would also be helpful to other users of the Uniform Rules .
 Paragraph -LRB- 2 -RRB- Amongst the general principles on which the Uniform Rules are based , the   following   non-exhaustive list may be found applicable : -LRB- 1 -RRB- to facilitate electronic commerce among and within nations ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- to validate transactions entered into by means of new information technologies ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- to promote and encourage in a technology-neutral way the implementation of new information technologies in general and electronic signatures in particular ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- to promote the uniformity of law ; and -LRB- 5 -RRB- to support commercial practice . While the general purpose of the Uniform Rules is to facilitate the use of electronic signatures , it should not be construed in any way as imposing their use .
 The expression to produce legal effects , which is broader given that it covers a variety of situations , can not be interpreted as a permissive provision enabling States to impose , by means of these acts , obligations on other States without the latter 's consent , even though they can certainly reaffirm them . When submitting the report of the Working Group set up in 1999 , the Special Rapporteur noted that   following   the discussion in the Commission and the Working Group , it had been concluded that the best wording would be with the intention to produce legal effects on the international plane . Autonomy of unilateral acts
 In this case the comparison with the Vienna Convention of 1969 appears to be appropriate . The causes of invalidity of an act are , in general , similar to those which may arise in a treaty context , as rightly noted by a representative in the Sixth Committee , who said that : draft article 7 on invalidity of unilateral acts should   follow   more closely the corresponding provision in the Vienna Convention . Since the consent to be bound by a treaty and the consent to a unilateral commitment were both expressions of the will of State , it seemed logical that the same reasons for invalidity should apply to both types of statements  Undoubtedly , a unilateral act is impugnable , as is a treaty , if the expression of will is vitiated by flaws .
 The creation and start-up of a National Reproductive Health/Family Planning Committee composed of medical and paramedical practitioners and representatives of civil society has provided a forum for coordination that will make it possible to develop strategies and actions for the improvement of reproductive health care and expand participation in family planning ; in particular the Committee has contributed to the revision of protocols on contraceptive intervention . The preparation , follow-up and evaluation of these programmes form part of the work of the National Population Committee , a multisectoral body created in 1996 within the Ministry of Health and Population ; this Committee is responsible for coordinating and running population-related activities and , in particular , for   following   up the implementation of the recommendations of the International Conference on Population and Development . Health care for pregnant women and the improvement of delivery conditions form an integral part of basic health programmes .
 Our air defences , acting in self-defence , engaged the aircraft and , at 1320 hours , drove them off . In the southern region 210 sorties were flown at speeds of 720 to 780 kilometres per hour and at altitudes of 9 , 000 to 13 , 000 metres , as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- At 0910 on 31 July 2000 United States and British F-14 , F-15 , F-16 and F-18 aircraft coming from Saudi and Kuwaiti territory penetrated Iraq 's airspace in the southern region .
 My delegation had wished that we could have joined other members of the Council in supporting the draft resolution . We had wished that most of our reservations would have been taken on board and that , above all , precedence would have been given to   following   the correct procedure rather than to political expediency , which seems to be the case judging by the manner in which the draft resolution has been steam-rolled through . As a legal measure , every care should have been taken to ensure that the sanctions regime against the Taliban is not politicized .
 In that time , the Security Council has been making efforts to achieve a settlement and stability in that part of the world . My country 's Government believes that today 's discussion , which is being   followed   very carefully by all Member States of the United Nations , should not focus on resolving disputes and contradictions . It is our belief that the Security Council can and must become aware of the whole extent of its responsibility and determine the right strategy for United Nations action in the region over the coming years .
 The continued supplying of arms to the various factions still fighting in Somalia impedes humanitarian aid , prolongs the conflict , puts the lives of civilians in jeopardy and undermines security and the confidence required for a return to peace and stability . The independent expert particularly welcomes the enhanced peace and stability that the two northern regions in Somalia enjoy , and calls upon other regions to   follow   suit . Despite the difficult situation in Somalia , the independent expert welcomes the fact that several international donors within the international community have maintained their sustained support for Somalia , not only for humanitarian relief , but also for encouraging governance and reconstruction .
 United Nations agencies , such as UNICEF , were encouraged to examine the scope for a more consistent approach to Myanmar in the context of the ongoing CCA process , including the promotion of a more consistent approach to the extent of collaboration with the State Peace Development Council and to the extent of contact with the National League for Democracy -LRB- NLD -RRB- . United Nations agencies were urged to   follow   the lead of UNICEF in clarifying the steps they were taking to ensure that the NLD  the democratic representatives of the people  was aware of their work and the possibilities that existed for NLD to feedback any concerns . The same speaker said that it was important that the international community , including UNICEF , should not be seen as enhancing the credibility of the Government .
 Mrs. Kalema -LRB- Uganda -RRB- said that her delegation condemned all forms of terrorism , regardless of the motive and the identity of the perpetrators . It therefore attached great importance to the elaboration of a comprehensive convention on international terrorism and had   followed   the discussions concerning the scope of the proposed convention and other matters with great interest . It had reaffirmed its commitment to combat and eliminate terrorism , which was connected with other scourges such as trafficking in drugs and arms .
 While the Government was at present paying particular attention to the basic needs of the people , it was also making every effort on other fronts . However , the country was facing many obstacles on the economic front since the multilateral financial institutions had suspended their assistance since 1988 and many Western countries had   followed   suit by imposing sanctions . Relying on its own resources and on cooperative assistance from its neighbours , Myanmar had been able to alleviate the economic and social difficulties and thus improve the situation .
 Annual global emissions of CO2 from the burning of fossil fuels have quadrupled since 1950 -LRB- figure V -RRB- . The highest per capita CO2 emissions are in North America , which is   followed   by Europe where such emissions are less than one half those of North America -LRB- ibid. -RRB- . Continuation of these trends poses serious risks of global warming , inducing of a possible rise in sea levels , flooding of low-lying coastal areas , spread of vector-borne diseases and reductions in agricultural yields .
 The high-level segment of the first substantive session of the Commission on Human Settlements acting as the preparatory committee for the special session of the General Assembly for an overall review and appraisal of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda comprised three plenary meetings , held on 8 and 9 May 2000 . Its discussions focused on the   following   three main issues : first , the scope to be covered by the review and appraisal process -LRB- agenda item 3 -RRB- ; secondly , local , national and regional preparations for the special session of the General Assembly -LRB- agenda item 4 -RRB- ; and thirdly , preparation of a declaration on the role and mandate of the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements -LRB- agenda item 6 -RRB- . Scope to be covered by the review and appraisal process
 The 205th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be held on Wednesday , 1 November 2000 , at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber . The provisional agenda for the meeting will be as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- Consideration and adoption of the Committee 's report to the General Assembly ; and -LRB- b -RRB- Other matters . The announcements in this section are reproduced as received .
 On the contrary , where religion is concerned , the individual must take precedence over territorial considerations . Thus Polish and German Catholics living in countries of the former Soviet Bloc   following   the Orthodox tradition and the Christian minority residing in Saudi Arabia have religious requirements and rights to which the Catholic Church should legitimately be able to attend . Cardinal Silvestrini considered that the relations between the Catholic and Orthodox Churches were gradually improving .
 On 1 September 1994 , the Foreign Ministry of China announced in Beijing that it had decided to recall its delegation to MAC at Panmunjom . This   followed   the example set earlier in 1994 by KPA when it withdrew its delegation . On 15 December 1994 , the CPV delegation departed Pyongyang for Beijing .
 The Working Group notes the work currently under way in the General Assembly concerning a possible code of conduct for experts on mission and United Nations officials other than Secretariat staff . The Group encourages the special rapporteurs to continue to   follow   this exercise closely and requests that they report , through the Chairperson of their annual meeting , to the Commission at its fifty-seventh session . Rationalization of mandates : general critera
 The General Assembly , in its resolution 48/156 , requested the Commission on Human Rights to consider , at its fiftieth session , the creation of a working group to study , as a matter of priority , the elaboration of guidelines , in close contact with the Special Rapporteur , for a possible draft optional protocol on the issues related to the sale of children , child prostitution and child pornography , as well as the basic measures required for preventing and eradicating those serious problems .  Following   this request , the Commission on Human Rights , in its resolution 1994/90 , decided to set up an open-ended inter-sessional working group , which would meet for two weeks prior to the fifty-first session of the Commission , and to include that issue as a specific sub-item of the agenda item Rights of the Child , entitled Question of a draft optional protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children , child prostitution and child pornography , as well as the basic measures needed for their prevention and eradication . In its resolution 1994/9 , the Economic and Social Council authorized the establishment of the working group .
 At the sixty-sixth session , the Committee adopted new consolidated guidelines on States parties ' reports , which replace all prior guidelines and are intended to facilitate the preparation of initial and periodic reports by States parties -LRB- see para . 15 above -RRB- . These guidelines provide for comprehensive initial reports , written on an article-by-article basis , and targeted periodic reports primarily addressing the Committee 's concluding observations and   following   , to the extent necessary , the article-by-article approach . In their periodic reports States parties need not report on every article , but only on those articles identified by the Committee in its concluding observations and those articles concerning which there have been important developments since the submission of the previous report .
 G.5.1 Following the submission of any report , subsequent revisions or updating may be submitted : -LRB- a -RRB- no later than 10 weeks prior to the date set for the Committee 's consideration of the report -LRB- the minimum time required by the United Nations translation services -RRB- ; or -LRB- b -RRB- after that date , provided that the text has been translated by the State party into the working languages of the Committee -LRB- currently English , Spanish and French -RRB- . If one or other of these courses of action is not   followed   , the Committee will not be able to take an addendum into account . This , however , does not apply to updated annexes or statistics .
 Most of them provided more information than the minimum requested and used more comprehensive tabular formats than that of table II of the UNFCCC guidelines -LRB- see table 6 -RRB- . As all Parties   followed   the IPCC Guidelines for estimating their GHG emissions , they also generally used the reporting formats of these guidelines : 20 reporting Parties used the IPCC summary or provided a similar breakdown of information , and six Parties presented their inventories using table II of the UNFCCC guidelines ; however six of them included sectors or source categories other than those explicitly required by that table . The use of the IPCC summary tables provides for a more disaggregated reporting of GHG inventory data than identified in table II of the annex to the UNFCCC guidelines .
 Ten countries mentioned research and monitoring as the most important measure for planning adaptation of the coastal ecosystems and coral reefs -LRB- see table 27 -RRB- . For those countries that assessed and prioritized options , planning coastal development , including urban growth -LRB- URY -RRB- and legal development regulations -LRB- EGY -RRB- , appeared to be the best option ,   followed   by beach nourishment -LRB- URY , EGY -RRB- , integrated coastal zone management , and land-use change -LRB- URY -RRB- . Eleven Parties -LRB- see table 26 -RRB- considered adaptation options for forestry and grasslands .
 1745/2000 , imposing restrictions on the import of rough diamonds from Sierra Leone , in conformity with Security Council resolution 1306 -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , this regulation prohibits direct or indirect import into the European Union of rough diamonds coming or originating from Sierra Leone , except when the import of rough diamonds is accompanied by a certificate of origin issued by the Sierra Leonese authorities -LRB- in accordance with paragraph 5 of resolution 1306 -LRB- 2000 -RRB- -RRB- . At this moment a ministerial order is being prepared by the Government of the Netherlands which penalizes violation of common position No. 1998/409/GBVB , prohibiting the sale and supply of arms to non-governmental forces in Sierra Leone ,   following   Security Council resolution 1171 -LRB- 1998 -RRB- . Punishment in case of violation has been determined in the National Act on Economic Offences .
 Standing Committee decisions The texts of these decisions are annexed to the reports of the different Standing Committee meetings , as   follows   : -LRB- 29 February - 2 March 2000 -RRB-
 In brief , we are striving to make a paradigm shift , namely from a system that is focused on technical output based on assumed needs to one that develops the capacity to meet the real demand . In this context , I consider it pertinent to point out that my Government 's programme of action to   follow   up the World Summit for Social Development is based on a vision that places the human person and the family at the very centre of social development . It is guided by the following principles .
 Although the September meeting had been cancelled , it had been possible at the seminar to establish a fruitful dialogue with the independent expert on the right to development . Australia looked forward to continuing those discussions at the meeting which had been rescheduled for December ; the meeting would   follow   up on the seminar on human rights and development which had been held at United Nations Headquarters in October and on the one which would be held in Copenhagen in December . The right to development was beginning to be realized in many parts of the world , but the gains had not been evenly distributed .
 This is the expression shown of our country 's and our Government 's vocation for peace .  Following   that vocation , we have recently signed an additional protocol to our safeguards agreements with IAEA , based on the model protocol adopted by that agency . This represents a concrete contribution to a strengthened , efficient and effective international safeguards regime .
 I refer to the negotiations on the protocol which is intended to strengthen the Convention on Biological Weapons . Our country is   following   those negotiations with great interest and is taking an active part in the work of the Ad Hoc Group . We appreciate the progress reached in that forum and stand ready to continue contributing to those negotiations in a positive and constructive manner , so that we can conclude a protocol which is universal and effective before the Fifth Review Conference on the Convention , as decided at the previous Conference .
 -LRB- b -RRB- Equipment not required by other peacekeeping missions but which may be useful for operations of other United Nations agencies , international organizations or non-governmental organizations and which it is not feasible to keep in reserve will be sold to a relevant agency or organization ; -LRB- c -RRB- Any equipment or property not required or which it is not feasible to dispose of in the above manner or which is in poor condition will be subject to commercial disposal in the area of operations ,   following   standard United Nations regulations and procedures ; -LRB- d -RRB- Any surplus mission assets remaining after disposition under the terms referred to under paragraphs -LRB- a -RRB- to -LRB- c -RRB- above and/or any assets that have already been installed in the country and which , if dismantled , would in fact set back the rehabilitation process of the country , will be contributed to the duly recognized Government of the respective country .
 Article 10 Ms. Kim Yung-chung welcomed the introduction of a master 's programme in women 's studies at one of the public universities ; she hoped that other universities would   follow   suit . She expressed concern about the portrayal of women as mothers and housewives in school curricula and textbooks and wondered what steps had been taken , including by the Jordanian National Committee for Women , to remedy the situation .
 Inter-Congolese dialogue On 25 April , the neutral facilitator of the inter-Congolese dialogue , Sir Ketumile Masire , briefed the Security Council on the approach he intended to   follow   in carrying out his mandate . He presented a broad outline of his work plan , consisting of three phases .
 Today , the Security Council is about to impose tighter sanctions against the Taliban .  Following   this line , the draft of this General Assembly resolution strongly demands that the Taliban refrain from providing safe haven to international terrorists , cease the recruitment of terrorists , close down terrorist training camps inside Afghanistan and take effective measures to ensure that the territory under its control is not used to sponsor international terrorist operations . Sixthly , the humanitarian situation , aggravated by the worst draught in 30 years and by the destruction and criminalization of the economy , has deteriorated so dramatically that , as the Secretary-General has said , most Afghans are reduced to eking out a `bare bones ' existence -LRB- A/55/633 , para. 80 -RRB- .
 Having made those comments , his delegation was prepared to take note of the report . With regard to the presentation of the report of the Advisory Committee , he requested that in future ACABQ should make its conclusions and recommendations stand out ,   following   the same rules as other organs and the Secretariat . Mr. Hassan -LRB- Nigeria -RRB- , speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China , said it was important to complete the installation of IMIS , a project on which the Organization had already spent a great deal of money .
 Several speakers pointed to the welcome fact that three posts relating to the Arabic , Chinese and Russian web sites had been made permanent . One delegation , speaking on behalf of a large group , noted that full modular parity for all official languages remained the ultimate objective , and urged the Department to   follow   that approach in a cost-effective manner and with a focus on textual content . Another speaker called for more study of the matter , and strongly restated his position against that approach .
 Executive summary In her progress report , the Special Rapporteur on the right to education notes difficulties in the carrying out of her mandate which originate in inadequate servicing by the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights , and also points out an innovative facet she has introduced , follow-up to her country missions ,   following   the Commission 's emphasis on promoting the right to education . The report summarizes recent work by the human rights treaty bodies and her related activities .
 To that effect , States parties should maintain a registry containing information on vessels flying its flag and , as recommended by the Working Group , make every effort to computerize a detailed set of data on vessels in their registry in order to facilitate identification of vessels flying their flag . Consideration could be given to the preparation of a user-friendly handbook containing a model request to stop and board a vessel , a model authorization to board and a model form to transmit follow-up information on the results of the boarding , with a view to assisting the designated authorities in   following   best practices . The Working Group on Maritime Cooperation prepared a nonexhaustive list of elements to be included in a request .
 Foreign construction contracts show a rise for the period 1986-1998 from US $ 73.9 billion to US $ 116.4 billion , an increase of 58 percent -LRB- table 5 -RRB- . Asia was the largest site for international contracts at 29 percent ,   followed   by Europe at 26 percent . Asia , Latin America , Europe and North American showed relatively strong growth over the period while the Middle East and Africa actually witnessed declines .
 Financial constraints also limited the Agency 's attempts to keep up with educational reforms introduced by host authorities , particularly the introduction of the tenth grade in the West Bank and Gaza , which would widen the gap between UNRWA 's and the host authorities ' education systems and undermine ongoing harmonization efforts . Cooperation with the host authorities. UNRWA 's basic education programme continued to   follow   the host authorities ' education systems . Senior Agency education staff in all fields continued to participate in major educational development activities of host authorities .
 As in the previous reporting period , the rate of increase reflected the rate of natural population growth , with most requests for updating of records representing new births , marriages and deaths . The largest proportion of refugees was registered in Jordan -LRB- 42 per cent of the Agency-wide total -RRB- ,   followed   by the Gaza Strip -LRB- 22 per cent -RRB- , the West Bank -LRB- 15.6 per cent -RRB- , the Syrian Arab Republic -LRB- 10.3 per cent -RRB- , and Lebanon -LRB- 10.1 per cent -RRB- . Of the registered population , 36.5 per cent were aged 15 or under , 54 per cent were between 16 and 59 years of age , and 9.5 per cent were aged 60 or older .
 UNRWA would continue to assert the functional immunity of all its staff members , where appropriate , and to request the Government concerned to intervene on its behalf .  Following   the signing in 1994 and 1995 of agreements flowing from the Oslo accords , certain administrative responsibilities were transferred from the Israeli Government to the Palestinian Authority in areas of the West Bank and Gaza Strip . In formal communications , the Israeli Government notified UNRWA that they were ceasing payment under the 1967 Agreement of these charges , maintaining that since the Palestinian Authority had the authority to collect revenue in areas under Palestinian control , they should assume responsibility for the charges. In response to the Israeli communications , UNRWA agreed to accept temporary responsibility for the charges , on the understanding that it was expected that the Palestinian Authority would subsequently provide reimbursement and services in kind to cover this expenditure .
 Croatia had always maintained a human-rights policy based on full transparency . As a member of the United Nations and regional organizations such as the Council of Europe and OSCE , Croatia had been the subject of a number of monitoring mechanisms which had closely   followed   the situation of human rights and democratic development in the country . Croatia had experienced severe impediments to the full protection and promotion of human rights owing to its status as a country in transition .
 Some children detainees , however , showed some signs of serious skin diseases . Their cases have been referred to the World Health Organization and UNICEF , which have since   followed   up with the prison medical authorities . During the month of August , at least 200 suspected RUF members were released by the Government from Freetown and Kenema prisons , but at least 200 other members of fighting forces , including 13 children , continue to be detained .
 The so-called Anti-terrorism Act of 18 August 197619 was intended to enhance the struggle against terrorism .  Following   a consistent concept , it amends substantive -LRB- StGB -RRB- and procedural -LRB- StPO -RRB- criminal law , as well as the law of the judiciary -LRB- GVG -RRB- and the law regulating the conduct of attorneys . The key element regarding the amendments of substantive criminal law is the introduction of the offence of a formation of a terrorist organization in paragraph 129a of the Penal Code .
 Requests the Secretary-General to provide the International Law Seminar with adequate services , including interpretation , as required , and encourages him to continue considering ways to improve the structure and content of the Seminar ; Also requests the Secretary-General to forward to the International Law Commission , for its attention , the records of the debate on the report of the Commission at the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly , together with such written statements as delegations may circulate in conjunction with their oral statements , and to prepare and distribute a topical summary of the debate ,   following   established practice ; Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States , as soon as possible after the conclusion of the session of the International Law Commission , chapter II of its report containing a summary of the work of that session and the draft articles adopted on either first or second reading by the Commission ;
 Xanana Gusmo and I travelled to Indonesia on several occasions , and on 29 February , also in Dili , I signed a communiqu regarding a diverse range of questions jointly with the Minister for Foreign Affairs , Mr. Shihab . Nonetheless , a great deal does remain to be done , especially to   follow   up on the key provisions of this communiqu . Towards that end , I travelled to Jakarta at the end of last month to meet with President Wahid and Mr. Shihab .
 The individual inventory review shall identify -LSB- first order -RSB- problems , and identify problems for which adjustments under Article 5.2 would be appropriate and initiate procedures for calculation of adjustments . Problems should be identified as a failure to   follow   agreed guidelines under Article 5.2 in preparing greenhouse gas inventories , as a failure to follow reporting guidelines for inventories submitted under Article 7 of the Protocol -LSB- and relevant COP decisions and as a failure to follow agreed methodologies for estimating and reporting activities under Article 3.3 and 3.4 . -RSB- These may be further subdivided as problems of :
 The individual inventory review shall identify -LSB- first order -RSB- problems , and identify problems for which adjustments under Article 5.2 would be appropriate and initiate procedures for calculation of adjustments . Problems should be identified as a failure to follow agreed guidelines under Article 5.2 in preparing greenhouse gas inventories , as a failure to   follow   reporting guidelines for inventories submitted under Article 7 of the Protocol -LSB- and relevant COP decisions and as a failure to follow agreed methodologies for estimating and reporting activities under Article 3.3 and 3.4 . -RSB- These may be further subdivided as problems of :
 -LSB- Timing The secretariat , the expert review team -LSB- adjustment team -RSB- and each Annex I Party should   follow   the timing indicated in the table below . Timing of review and adjustment procedures
 The overall number of asylum applications in Western European countries increased by some 19 per cent in 1999 compared to 1998 . Germany continued to receive the largest number of asylum applicants ,   followed   by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , Switzerland , the Netherlands and Belgium . Central Europe
 Offices continue to maintain overall satisfactory compliance with the donor reporting requirements . In general , reports   follow   the established reporting format ; however , most of the reviewed offices were found to submit between 25 and 40 per cent of their reports late , usually a few months after the deadline . The 1999 audits found that clearly defined staff responsibilities for completing donor reports , and close monitoring of the fulfilment of those responsibilities , were common management practice in the offices with the better records of timely report completion. In some regions , donor report status monitoring is a component of the regionally established performance monitoring tool used by all country offices .
 It welcomed the readiness of India and Pakistan to participate in negotiations on a convention banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices and called on those countries to sign and ratify the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty -LRB- CTBT -RRB- . It urged Pakistan to   follow   India 's lead in establishing nuclear-related export controls . The Union remained committed to the full implementation of the Resolution on the Middle East adopted by the 1995 Review and Extension Conference .
 The biennial support budget distinguishes further between support activities and administration and management . According to the biennial budget model , the outline therefore distinguishes between the   following   three main parts : programme activities , support activities and administration and management . The outline is compared with the proposed revised budget for 2000-2001 to indicate major financial and programme changes .
 Article 10 of the Covenant If your State is a party to any of the   following   Conventions : International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights
 These guidelines will be effective for all reports to be presented after 31 December 1999 . The guidelines should be   followed   by States parties in the preparation of initial and all subsequent periodic reports . Compliance with these guidelines will reduce the need for the Committee to request further information when it proceeds to consider a report ; it will also help the Committee to consider the situation regarding human rights in every State party on an equal basis .
 The concluding observations -LRB- particularly Concerns and Recommendations -RRB- on the previous report and summary records of the Committee 's consideration -LRB- insofar as these exist -RRB- ; Periodic reports should be structured so as to   follow   the articles of the Covenant . The State party should refer again to the guidance on initial reports and on annexes , insofar as these may also apply to a periodic report .
 Most notable in this connection , FAO has made a submission to the IMO Maritime Safety Committee -LRB- MSC -RRB- at its seventy-second session proposing the formation of a joint FAO/IMO ad hoc working group on IUU fishing and related matters . That action was taken   following   a request by the IMO Flag State Implementation Subcommittee at its eighth session.3 The terms of reference proposed by FAO for the joint ad hoc working group are contained in the annex to the present report.4 The seventy-second session of MSC is to be held at IMO headquarters , London , in May 2000 . FAO will be in a position to advise the Open-ended Informal Consultative Process of the outcome of discussions on IUU fishing , including the decisions taken concerning the formation and mandate of the joint ad hoc working group .
 Vice-Chairperson-Rapporteur : Mr. Arturo HERNANDEZ BASAVE -LRB- Mexico -RRB- Under the terms of a draft decision , the Preparatory Committee for the World Conference against Racism , Racial Discrimination , Xenophobia and Related Intolerance would decide to recommend to the General Assembly the   following   : -LRB- b -RRB- An extension of the second session of the Preparatory Committee for an additional five days in May 2001 with the participation -LRB- in the week of the second session and in the week of the extension -RRB- of :
 The spread of education and increasing awareness about the dignity and status of women will lead to the eradication of such practices in the course of time . With regard to allegations concerning the situation of Christians in India -LRB- ibid. , paras. 45-48 -RRB- , the Government replied as   follows   : A large number of violations have been committed against Christians and this is continuing -LRB- allegation -RRB-
 The Special Representative of the Secretary-General explained that initial consultations had been carried out by the Executive Office of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs , but that to date no official approval of the waiver had been issued . She further offered to   follow   up the matter . Another Board member requested information as to whether the administrative anomalies noted by the evaluation conducted by the Joint Inspection Unit on INSTRAW -LRB- A/54/156-E/1999/102 -RRB- had been corrected and if corresponding payments had reverted to the INSTRAW Trust Fund .
 Demonstrate to the accreditation body that no actual or potential conflict of interest exists between its functions as an independent entity and any other functions that it may have , and shall demonstrate how business is managed to minimize any identified risk to impartiality. The demonstration shall cover all potential sources of conflict of interest , whether they arise from within the independent entity or from the activities of related bodies ; -LRB- b -RRB- Have adequate arrangements to safeguard confidentiality of the information obtained from Article 6 project participants and   follow   any procedures in this regard established by the COP/MOP . Except as required in the applicable procedures contained in COP/MOP decisions or by law , it shall not disclose information obtained from Article 6 project participants marked as proprietary or confidential , where such information is not otherwise publicly available , without the written consent of the provider of the information. Emissions data or other data used to determine emissions additionality shall not be considered confidential ;
 The proposed construction of an observatory represented a violation of international accords for the protection of biodiversity , religious freedom and cultural preservation . The representative recommended that the Sub-Commission   follow   up the report by the Special Rapporteur on religious intolerance and that the Working Group and other United Nations bodies continue to consider the issue of sacred sites on indigenous peoples ' territories . A representative of the Mohawk Nation at Kahnawake reminded the Working Group of the Oka crisis of 1990 , stating that if the events were forgotten they would be destined to be repeated .
 -LRB- b -RRB- Equipment not required by other peacekeeping missions but which may be useful for operations of other United Nations agencies , international organizations or non-governmental organizations and which it is not feasible to keep in reserve will be sold to a relevant agency or organization ; -LRB- c -RRB- Any equipment or property not required or which it is not feasible to dispose of in the above manner or which is in poor condition will be subject to commercial disposal in the area of operations ,   following   standard United Nations regulations and procedures ; -LRB- d -RRB- Any surplus mission assets remaining after disposition under the terms referred to under paragraphs -LRB- a -RRB- to -LRB- c -RRB- above and/or any assets which have already been installed in the country and which , if dismantled , would in fact set back the rehabilitation process of the country , will be contributed to the duly recognized Government of the respective country .
 It should not be unduly perturbed by unfair and unjustified criticisms levelled against it . The reason why many of the indictees come from a particular ethnic group is obvious to anyone who has   followed   developments in the Balkans ; it is no mystery . My delegation will not pronounce itself on the various proposals at this stage .
 The remaining third is almost evenly spread among empowerment , targeted or pilot interventions , and knowledge networking . When further disaggregated , the ROAR shows that some 42 per cent of capacity-building outcomes involve support to policy and regulatory/legal frameworks ,   followed   by institutional capacity , social cohesion and data collection . This is encouraging given that rates of progress of over 70 per cent are reported for capacity-building interventions .
 Of those voted into the provincial assemblies , 54 then became members of New Caledonia 's Congress . Thus , RPCR obtained a relative majority of 24 seats in Congress ,   followed   by FLNKS , which obtained 18 seats.2 The Congress is presided over by RPCR Senator Mr. Simon Loueckhote . Congress elected the Government of New Caledonia on 28 May 1999 .
 Adoption The Committee is concerned that , with the current informal system of foster care , there is no established mechanism to review , monitor and   follow   up placement of children. Similarly in relation to adoption , the Committee is concerned about vague adoption procedures and the absence of mechanisms to review , monitor and follow-up adoptions . Noting that the State party is considering draft codes of practice in relation to national and intercountry adoption , the Committee encourages the State party to establish a comprehensive national policy and guidelines governing foster care and adoption , and to establish a central monitoring mechanism in this regard .
 Requests the Secretary-General to provide the International Law Seminar with adequate services , including interpretation , as required , and encourages him to continue considering ways to improve the structure and content of the Seminar ; Also requests the Secretary-General to forward to the International Law Commission , for its attention , the records of the debate on the report of the Commission at the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly , together with such written statements as delegations may circulate in conjunction with their oral statements , and to prepare and distribute a topical summary of the debate ,   following   established practice ; Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States , as soon as possible after the conclusion of the session of the International Law Commission , chapter II of its report containing a summary of the work of that session and the draft articles adopted on either first or second reading by the Commission ;
 This recommendation of the Working Group was adopted by the Commission , albeit with significant reservations , in its resolution 1996/61 . The Working Group , therefore , has emerged as an informal forum within which States and NGOs can discuss issues of slavery or related practices but it has not developed effective procedures to   follow   up conclusions reached and recommendations adopted . The Working Group has interpreted its mandate in an expansive manner and has been creative in its interpretation of what constitutes slavery to cover a wide range of issues , for example problems concerning the rights of women , children and migrant workers .
 Although the comprehensiveness of the social responsibilities of a company could be endlessly debated , it appears to be more useful to find a common minimum of social responsibility . That first element could be to comply with the laws of the country in which the company operates and to   follow   the guidance of the international community on such issues as labour , human rights and environment . A second element could be for a company to donate money , time or staff for benevolent causes .
 Item 1 Organizational matters Elected the   following   members of the Bureau for 2000 : President : H.E. Mr. Vladimir Galuka -LRB- Czech Republic -RRB-
 -LRB- It is anticipated that the consideration of most substantive issues related to the sections of the guidelines mentioned in the timetable contained in the annex to this decision will finish during the resumed SBSTA 13 and COP 6 . The approach for the completion of the elaboration of the guidelines under Article 7 outlined in paragraph 3 and in the annex to this decision will be   followed   only in the case that consensus on these substantive issues is not reached in time to allow the finalization of these guidelines by the close of COP 6 . Decides to complete the elaboration of these draft guidelines in accordance with the timetable contained in the annex to this decision , on the basis of relevant decisions of the Conference of the Parties -LSB- and taking into account the elements contained in the appendix to document FCCC/SBSTA/2000/xx -RSB- ;
 Note : It is anticipated that the consideration of most substantive issues related to the sections of the guidelines mentioned in the timetable will finish during the resumed SBSTA 13 and COP 6 . The approach for the further elaboration of the guidelines under Article 7 outlined in this annex will be   followed   only in the case that consensus on these substantive issues is not reached in time to allow the finalization of these guidelines by the close of COP 6 . Possible elements related to guidelines for review under Article 8 of the Kyoto Protocol to be incorporated in a draft COP decision
 The individual inventory review shall identify -LSB- first order -RSB- problems , identify problems for which adjustments under Article 5.2 would be appropriate and initiate procedures for calculation of adjustments . Problems should be identified as a failure to follow agreed guidelines under Article 5.2 in preparing greenhouse gas inventories , as a failure to   follow   the guidelines for the preparation of the information required under Article 7 , section I -LSB- and as a failure to follow agreed methodologies for estimating and reporting activities under Article 3.3 and 3.4 as adopted by the COP/MOP -RSB- . These may be further subdivided as problems of : -LSB- Implications for total aggregated inventory estimates , trends or the base year inventory , including all inventory problems that lead to overestimation of base year emissions or underestimation of emissions in the commitment period ; -RSB-
 Any changes in the functions of the national systems reported by Annex I Parties or identified by the expert review team during the in-country visit that may affect the preparation of greenhouse gas inventories in conformity with Article 5.2 and the guidelines for national systems should be reviewed annually in conjunction with the annual inventory review . The scope of such a review shall   follow   the scope set out for the in-country review according to paragraphs 108 to 111 above . Identification of problems
 As a result , EIB prepared a regional project review on the basic infrastructure investments in South-Eastern Europe , which was presented to the Regional Funding Conference for South-Eastern Europe -LRB- Brussels , 29 and 30 March 2000 -RRB- . By sector , transport -LRB- roads , railways , ports and waterways , and airports -RRB- accounts for 91 per cent of quick-start projects and 62 per cent of near-term projects ,   followed   by electric power projects accounting for 3 per cent and 25 per cent respectively . The countries particularly affected by the recent crises , namely Albania , Bosnia and Herzegovina and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , account together for 35 per cent of all projects which should start by the near-term .
 Through the Aga Khan Foundation , Canada supported a women 's organization in India that has reclaimed unproductive wasteland lost to salt damage . The women also set up their own savings clubs to provide small loans to members and   follow   up on new drinking-water projects . Furthermore , through its support for UNIFEM , Canada has made possible a project in Mali to train , equip and provide credit to women for the purpose of their establishing a waste-disposal business in Bamako , which currently provides garbage removal services to 18 , 000 residents .
 Authentic texts We propose that this rule should read as   follows   : The Arabic , Chinese , English , French , Russian and Spanish texts of the Rules of Procedure and Evidence are equally authentic .
 The present report is therefore submitted pursuant to resolution 54/55 A. It covers the activities undertaken by the United Nations and the Standing Advisory Committee since the submission of the last report of the Secretary-General -LRB- A/54/364 -RRB- . During the reporting period , the Secretary-General closely   followed   developments in the region and continued to provide the Committee and its member States with all the necessary support to allow them to carry out their primary objective , that of strengthening national and regional peace and security through confidence-building measures in the region . Action by the United Nations
 If OPEC members do not increase their quotas and production during the second half of 2002 , and world economic growth accelerates notably , oil prices for the year may average even higher than $ 22/b . In addition , if other oil-producing countries   follow   Iraq 's decision of 8 April 2002 to halt oil shipments for a month , oil prices would certainly surge to considerably higher levels . Nevertheless , it is expected that oil revenues in the region will decline significantly in 2002 , with adverse effects on the economic environment and government budgets in the region .
 The UNEP Manual on Project Formulation , Approval , Monitoring and Evaluation already provides tools -LRB- project progress report , terminal report and self-evaluation fact sheet -RRB- for collecting comprehensive information on the life of a project , so as to meet evaluation and reporting requirements , including specific outputs . Fund management officers are   following   up the project development through the project management report sheet , on which all expected and received reports are listed . UNEP considers that these reports and the filing system will adequately meet the audit requirements and does not see the need to include specific outputs on the project management report sheet .
 -LRB- a -RRB- States the medium-term objectives to be attained in the plan period ; -LRB- b -RRB- Describes the strategy to be   followed   to that effect and the means of action to be used . Rule 104.7
 We also wish to welcome the opening of the first land border crossing between East Timor and Indonesia on 3 May , which is another positive step towards normalcy . In conclusion , it is our firm belief that the Council must continue to regularly   follow   developments in the situation in East Timor and to continue this format of open briefing , which my delegation firmly believes will also benefit the larger membership of our Organization on this very important issue . Mr. van Walsum -LRB- Netherlands -RRB- : We , too , would like to thank Assistant Secretary-General Annabi for a very useful and informative briefing .
 The unexpectedly slow rate of ratification of the CTBT was disappointing . His delegation hoped that the other nuclear-weapon States would shortly   follow   the example of the United Kingdom , France and the Russian Federation and that the Japanese efforts in informal consultations would be successful . A further cause for concern was the inability of the international community to open negotiations on a convention banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons .
 Only a world marked by sovereign equality , mutual respect , non-interference and shared economic prosperity will help narrow the gulf and promote peaceful coexistence . Endeavours must also be made to constantly   follow   up on the implementation of the internationally agreed measures for protecting children from conflict . Early-warning systems deployed to detect signs of an evolving conflict and the prompt pre-emptive response capability of the United Nations to snuff it out before it flares up also need to be instituted .
 In February 1999 , amnesties were granted by His Majesty the King to seven prisoners in the final stages of HIV/AIDS . The Office   followed   these cases until the last two prisoners were released in August . Police reform
 The Board asked the secretariat to take note of the statement made by the representative of China and endorsed by the representative of Japan that , in order to facilitate the relevant consultations , delegations should be given sufficient time to look into the issues and if necessary to seek instructions from the capitals . At the same meeting , the Board agreed to suspend from status the   following   NGOs which had failed to be in communication with the secretariat during the past three years and to remove them from the list of NGOs in status until such time as they re-established communication with UNCTAD : Association of African Trading Enterprises -LRB- ASATRADE -RRB- ; Association of Insurance Supervisory Authorities of Developing Countries -LRB- AISADC -RRB- ; Latin American and Caribbean Free Zone Association -LRB- AZOLCA -RRB- ; and United States Trademark Association -LRB- USTA -RRB- . It was noted that such action was called for in accordance with decision 43 -LRB- VII -RRB- of the Board , which stipulates in its paragraph 4 that organizations should undertake to support the work of UNCTAD and to promote knowledge of its principles and activities .
 Commission for Social Development The Council elected the   following   17 States for a four-year term beginning on 1 January 2001 : Austria , Bangladesh , Bulgaria , China , Czech Republic , Denmark , El Salvador , Gabon , Italy , Jamaica , Kazakhstan , Kenya , Mexico , South Africa , Switzerland , United Republic of Tanzania and Viet Nam . Commission on Human Rights
 In an open system , national competitive economic purpose can sustain a pool of highly educated and flexible workers , an efficient infrastructure , sound money and a good quality of life so as to attract mobile financial and human capital . Many countries are trying to   follow   this model . Others may follow symbolic nationalism in which a strategy of openness is paralleled with protecting what is absolutely indispensable to the State  for example , providing social services to the needy .
 All these reforms have been undertaken in a bid to move away from what is known as the Washington Consensus - the set of shock-therapy measures of structural adjustment and economic liberalization that were applied in the 1980s and early 1990s in a bid to reform the macroeconomic policies of developing countries . In the field of human rights , the Bank   followed   UNDP by issuing a set of guidelines linking its activities to what it perceived as its human rights obligations . While the guidelines do indicate that the Bank is thinking about the issue , clearly it needs to do much more .
 If the request relates to documents or evidence as described in article 93 , paragraph 10 -LRB- b -RRB- -LRB- ii -RRB- , the Prosecutor or Chamber , as appropriate , shall obtain the written consent of the relevant State before proceeding with the request . When the Court decides to grant the request for cooperation or assistance from a State , the request shall be executed , insofar as possible ,   following   any procedure outlined therein by the requesting State and permitting persons specified in the request to be present . Section V Cooperation under article 98
 Air traffic management The Panel was pleased to note that , contrary to the situation elsewhere , FIRs in West Africa do not strictly   follow   the contours of national boundaries , and that the delimitation of these FIRs is generally in line with operational requirements . The Panel also noted that the present airspace configuration was redefined to take into account the ICAO -LRB- International Civil Aviation Organization -RRB- recommendation , which requires states to implement area control as soon as possible , with a view to increasing air traffic safety .
 A number of international agreements and protocols have been established to create standards and regulations for pollution in the maritime industry . The International Maritime Organization -LRB- IMO -RRB- has identified a number of areas related to environment regulation and standards , and   follows   a proactive policy to identify at the earliest possible stage incidents of environmental damage and to take action to avoid or mitigate such effects . The safety of dry cargo bulk carriers has become an IMO priority in recent years , and in July 1999 new standards and regulations were introduced , and further recommendations relating to the design and construction of bulk carriers are now under consideration .
 The Secretary-General has , on more than one occasion , shown that the real problem does not stem from the absence of early warning mechanisms that alert us to the possibility of a crisis on the continent . It lies , rather , in the need for the United Nations to   follow   these warnings by undertaking speedy and effective measures , which have been lacking . We hope in this respect that the United Nations will take seriously the events that have recently intensified on the borders between Guinea and Sierra Leone and Liberia and address them decisively and quickly , since they presage a new regional conflict in the continent whose repercussions we can not anticipate if the international community should fail to stem the crisis early .
 The Union was the driving force behind a World Trade Organization initiative to guarantee duty-free and quota-free access for exports from least developed countries . The European Union is prepared to work for further progress in eliminating customs duties and quotas , a major effort which we hope might be   followed   by other countries . The Union extends a general invitation to the other industrialized nations to follow its lead in opening up trade to manufactured products from African countries .
 The European Union is prepared to work for further progress in eliminating customs duties and quotas , a major effort which we hope might be followed by other countries . The Union extends a general invitation to the other industrialized nations to   follow   its lead in opening up trade to manufactured products from African countries . Regional integration too could be an effective factor for the economic development of Africa , considering that many African countries have , as the report notes , internal markets of limited scale .
 We also voice the concern expressed by many that the enhanced HIPC will divert resources away from official development assistance -LRB- ODA -RRB- , rather than complement it . With regards to ODA , my delegation notes with disappointment that , while some developed countries have met the target of 0.7 per cent of gross national product devoted to ODA , most have not. We strongly encourage these countries to   follow   the example of the more generous developed nations . We do recognize that some of the motivations for ODA have shifted as a result of the end of the cold war and that many countries , including in Africa , are suffering from a decline in donor interest and the resulting lack of predictability in the flow of aid .
 Matters discussed at the meetings included the judicial management of the Chambers ; the support rendered by the Court Management Section to the Chambers and the Appeals Unit ; and the budget for the Chambers Support Section and the Appeals Unit . The Bureau also rendered three rulings on the disqualification of judges in pending criminal matters ,   following   motions that had originally been filed before the Trial Chambers . In these instances , the presiding judges of the Chambers referred the matters to the Bureau for determination .
 Part V Work of the subsidiary bodies of the Security Council The   following   subsidiary bodies of the Security Council were active during the period under review : Chapter 91
 Organization of African Unity -LRB- 30 July 1999 -RRB- Members of the Security Council   followed   with great interest the thirty-fifth session of the Assembly of Heads of State and Government of OAU which was held at Algiers from 12 to 14 July 1999 . They heard a briefing by the Secretary-General on his contacts with African leaders before and during the summit .
 On 26 August , the members of the Council were briefed by the Secretariat on the upsurge in violence in East Timor , which had resulted in a number of deaths . They resolved to   follow   the situation closely in view of the imminent date of the consultation . They also issued an oral statement to the press in which they , inter alia , called upon the local authorities to take concrete steps to prevent further violence .
 There are three clear stages or levels of manufacture in this sector : solar cells , PV modules and systems . The investments required to set up manufacturing facilities are highest for cells ,   followed   by modules , and lowest for system assembly . The same order is perceived in respect of complexity of technology .
 Project documents prepared before that date would not have benefited from those procedures . UNDP will ensure , through the country office management plan and the ROAR that procedures in the manual are   followed   . The Director , Operations Support Group , is responsible for implementation of this recommendation .
 Country offices that do otherwise would be in violation of the policy . As part of its oversight function , UNDP will begin to monitor project budgets to ensure the policy is   followed   . The Director , Operations Support Group , is responsible for implementation of this recommendation .
 Exports of bituminous coal , chemicals and cellulose products to Brazil also increased from US $ 15 million in 1999 to US $ 31 million in the first half of 2000 . The largest movement of exports in the period January-June 2000 took place at the Puerto Ordaz customs post , which accounted for 32.2 per cent ,   followed   by Puerto Cabello with 27.5 per cent . The Guanta customs post saw an increase of 4.1 per cent in its percentage structure and San Antonio , an increase of 1.4 per cent during the same period in 1999 .
 Mr. Khan -LRB- Pakistan -RRB- : My delegation is taking the floor to explain its vote before the voting on draft resolution A/C.1/55/L.43 , entitled Transparency in armaments . We have   followed   this draft resolution , and the initiative of a conventional arms register , with interest . Pakistan has been submitting data regularly to the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms .
  -LRB- d -RRB- The State or States invited shall notify its intention to challenge the jurisdiction or admissibility within 30 days from the date of receipt of the invitation. With regard to subparagraph -LRB- f -RRB- we propose that the text should read as   follows   :  -LRB- f -RRB- The Court shall issue a single decision with respect to all issues or challenges
 -LRB- e -RRB- The place of the Tribunal within the international humanitarian law mechanism in view of the inception and establishment of the International Criminal Court . There can be no doubt that much of what is being done at The Hague and in Arusha will , at best , serve as an example to   follow   and , at worst , serve as a counter-example . In this respect , by demonstrating that a universal criminal justice is possible and feasible , the Tribunal has in some way helped to set up a more permanent judicial organ .
 As a result , one of the main outputs of the current biennium will be the regional action programme for phase II of the New Delhi Action Plan .  Following   the recommendation made by the Committee on Transport , Communications , Tourism and Infrastructure Development , at its first session , held in Bangkok in 1998 , the Commission , at its fifty-fifth session , endorsed the resumption of the secretariat 's publication of the biennial review of developments in transport , communications , tourism and other infrastructure . The review now constitutes an essential component of the programme of work for the biennium 2000-2001 , and will be based on the data and information provided through country reports on the transport sector to be prepared by developing member countries .
 Law No. 47 of 1978 governing State employment and Law No. 48 of 1978 concerning regulation of public sector employment Both these Laws contain similar provisions with regard to women , in accordance with the precepts set out in the Constitution regarding the State guarantee that women shall be enabled to combine family obligations with work responsibilities. Details of these provisions are as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- There are no provisions in either Law that could be considered to violate the principle of equality between men and women. That includes all the provisions regulating employment and the rights and responsibilities arising therefrom , remuneration , promotion and health and social insurance .
 UNFPA collaborated closely on these issues both in the UNDG at headquarters and in country offices . The Learning Group was convened to follow up on the meeting between the Deputy-Secretary-General and the senior management of the World Bank to enable the United Nations system to collectively   follow   the CDF pilot , both as a learning experience and as a means of ensuring feedback to their organizations . The focus was on country-level experiences with the CDF process in the pilot countries .
 Expert seminars The High Commissioner reported to the first session of the Preparatory Committee that the   following   expert seminars have been planned : for Eastern Europe in Warsaw from 5 to 7 July 2000 ; for Asia in Thailand from 5 to 7 September 2000 ; or Latin America in Santiago from 25 to 27 October 2000 ; and for Africa in Addis Ababa from 27 to 29 September 2000 . For Western Europe , an expert seminar took place in Geneva from 16 to 18 February 2000 -LRB- see paras. 33-37 below -RRB- .
 It is important that all information submitted to the Committee is : -LRB- a -RRB- specific to the Covenant ; -LRB- b -RRB- relevant to the matters under consideration by the Committee or its pre-sessional working group ; -LRB- c -RRB- based on documentary sources and properly referenced ; -LRB- d -RRB- concise and succinct ; and -LRB- e -RRB- reliable and not abusive . NGOs can submit information relating to all the articles of the Covenant , in which case it is useful to   follow   the Revised general guidelines regarding the form and content of reports to be submitted by States parties under articles 16 and 17 of the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights -LRB- E/C.12/1991/1 -RRB- , which are intended to assist States parties in the drafting of their reports . This lends itself to a parallel report format that resembles the structure of the official report and facilitates the members ' comparative review of the parallel information .
 Therefore these rules had to be interpreted according to Art .  Following   the underlying principles of Art. 8 CISG , general terms and conditions had to be drafted in the language of the contract , the Italian language in this case , because the negotiations had been in Italian . Consequently , the terms and conditions in German provided by the German seller were unenforceable and therefore the exclusion clause in German was also ineffective .
 The goal of gender balance was finally met at the P-2 level when the percentage of women increased from 48.2 per cent to 50.1 per cent . The largest number of women staff members continues to be at the P-3 level ,   followed   by those at the P-4 level , whereas the highest concentration of men is at the P-4 level , followed by those at the P-3 level . Although the number of women at the P-4 and D-2 levels increased slightly , the percentage of women at these levels has declined since June 1999 owing to the significantly greater increase in the number of men at these levels .
 During the period under review , two additional offices have met the goal of gender balance in the staffing of posts at the D-1 level and above : the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights , and the United Nations Monitoring , Verification and Inspection Commission -LRB- UNMOVIC -RRB- . Of the four departments and offices with 20 or more personnel at the D-1 level and above -LRB- the Department of Economic and Social Affairs , the Department of Political Affairs , UNCTAD and the United Nations Environment Programme -LRB- UNEP -RRB- -RRB- , UNEP has the lowest representation of women at those levels -LRB- 14 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by UNCTAD -LRB- 18.2 per cent -RRB- . Information on the representation of Member States in the staff of the Secretariat by nationality , grade and gender is provided in the report of the Secretary-General on the composition of the Secretariat .
 At the senior and policy-making levels , the percentage of women has increased from 15.9 per cent to 17.8 per cent as of 31 December 1998 . Among organizations with 100 or more staff , UNICEF had the highest representation of women -LRB- 47.7 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by UNFPA -LRB- 46.7 per cent -RRB- . As noted in paragraph 10 above , the latter subsequently met the goal of 50/50 gender distribution in the staffing of Professional and higher-level posts in 1999 .
 Protecting access to the procedure . Finally , COHRE agrees with the Committee that Governments must refrain from all acts of intimidation or reprisal against those persons or groups that submit or have submitted communications under the optional protocol. COHRE suggests strengthening the proposed language of the Committee , however , by the   following   paragraph : State Parties to this Protocol shall not hinder in any way the effective exercise of the right to submit a communication and shall take all steps necessary to prevent any persecution or sanctioning of any person or group submitting or seeking to submit a communication under this Protocol.
 It would be useful to take as an example the provision for settling disputes in article 33 of the Convention on the Law of the Non-navigational Uses of International Watercourses , where the fact-finding commission is given far wider powers , including the power to make proposals for conciliation . It would also be advisable to alter the period of time to be observed before adopting this procedure to three months ,   following   the example of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea . See also the comments of the Netherlands in relation to article 11 , paragraph 3 .
 At the opening meeting , held jointly with the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice -LRB- SBSTA -RRB- on 13 November 2000 , the chairmen of the subsidiary bodies welcomed all Parties and observers to the second part of the thirteenth sessions of the subsidiary bodies . The chairmen recalled that they had prepared new documents on some issues ,   following   the mandates given by Parties at the first part of the sessions to facilitate and advance negotiations at the resumed sessions . In preparing these texts , the chairmen had drawn on views expressed at the first part of the thirteenth sessions , submissions from Parties , and extensive bilateral consultations , including inter-sessional consultations .
 Introduction The Committee welcomes the detailed report presented by the Government of Slovenia , which   follows   the Committee 's guidelines and contains relevant information about the implementation of the provisions of the Convention in the State party . The Committee particularly welcomes the opportunity to be able to initiate a dialogue with the State party and appreciates the detailed answers to questions raised and concerns expressed during the consideration of the report .
 The Committee noted that the priority themes of the Programme were : -LRB- a -RRB- disaster management ; -LRB- b -RRB- satellite communications for tele-education and telemedicine applications ; -LRB- c -RRB- monitoring and protection of the environment , including the prevention of infectious diseases ; -LRB- d -RRB- management of natural resources ; and -LRB- e -RRB- education and research in basic space sciences . The Committee also noted that within each priority theme , the   following   main objectives would be pursued : -LRB- a -RRB- raising awareness among decision makers in developing countries of the cost-effectiveness of space applications and of the additional benefits for their national development programmes to be derived therefrom ; -LRB- b -RRB- building or strengthening the capacity of developing countries to use space technology ; and -LRB- c -RRB- increasing awareness among the general public of the social and economic benefits of space applications . Workshops , training courses
 Action taken by the Council At the 44th meeting , on 28 July , the Vice-President of the Council , Vladimir Sotirov -LRB- Bulgaria -RRB- introduced orally a draft decision , which read as   follows   : Activities of the humanitarian affairs segment
 Agenda item 105 : Crime prevention and criminal justice -LRB- continued -RRB- -LRB- A/C.3/55/L.9 -RRB- Ms. Borzi -LRB- Italy -RRB- , introducing the draft resolution entitled Strengthening the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme , in particular its technical cooperation capacity , said that the   following   phrase had been omitted from the beginning of preambular paragraph 5 of the document : Recognizing the need to maintain a balance in the technical cooperation capacity of the Centre for International Crime Prevention of the Office for Drug  . The following countries had expressed their wish to join in co-sponsoring the draft resolution : Bangladesh , Bulgaria , Egypt , Fiji , Georgia , Lesotho , Monaco , Norway , Panama , the Russian Federation , Turkey and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia .
 17 A/54/205-S/1999/853 , annex . 18 The resolutions were adopted with the   following   voting results : 50/70 P -LRB- 106-39-17 -RRB- ; 51/45 O -LRB- 110-39-20 -RRB- ; 52/38 L -LRB- 109-39-18 -RRB- ; 53/77 X -LRB- 110-41-18 -RRB- ; 54/54 P -LRB- 104-41-17 -RRB- . 20 The resolutions were adopted with the following voting results : 53/77 Y -LRB- 114-18-38 -RRB- ; 54/54 G -LRB- 111-13-39 -RRB- .
 Congo The Committee considered the second periodic report of the Republic of the Congo -LRB- CCPR/C/63/Add.5 -RRB- at its 1813th and 1814th meetings -LRB- CCPR/C/SR.1813 and 1814 -RRB- , held on 13 and 14 March 2000 , and adopted the   following   concluding observations at its 1823th and 1824th meetings , held on 21 and 22 March 2000 . Introduction
 Crown Dependencies of Jersey , Guernsey and the Isle of Man The Committee considered the fourth and fifth periodic reports of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland regarding the Crown Dependencies of Jersey , Guernsey and the Isle of Man -LRB- CCPR/C/95/Add.10 and CCPR/C/UKCD/99/5 -RRB- at its 1818th and 1819th meetings -LRB- CCPR/C/SR.1818 and 1819 -RRB- held on 17 March 2000 , and adopted the   following   concluding observations at its 1827th meeting , held on 23 March 2000 . Introduction
 Several ministries mediate in the health system on the State 's behalf . The main one is the ministry of health ,   followed   by the ministry of the economy and finance and , to a lesser extent , the ministries of agriculture , education , the environment and national defence . Governmental policy is implemented at local level by the regional and departmental directorates for health and social policy .
 He called on all States to take measures to ensure that exports of sensitive material , equipment and technologies were subject to a transparent system of surveillance and control ; such efforts would facilitate cooperative technological development by assuring suppliers that goods , technology and material would be used only for peaceful purposes . Moreover , States should   follow   the guidelines of the Nuclear Suppliers Group when considering exporting sensitive nuclear-related material , equipment and technologies , taking into account full-scope safeguards as a condition of supply , in accordance with paragraph 12 of the Principles and Objectives for Nuclear Non-Proliferation and Disarmament . All States must ensure that sufficient physical protection was provided for nuclear material .
 That problem would be difficult to resolve since , in most States , public finances were subject to severe constraints . Nevertheless , his delegation urged other States to   follow   the example of Switzerland , which was to sign an additional protocol in the next few days . Mr. Kerma -LRB- Algeria -RRB- said that the risk of nuclear proliferation had not diminished , despite the end of the arms race .
 Their powerful message has supported historic results , on which a draft resolution will be introduced by Algeria , results which were obtained at the sixth Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Weapons -LRB- NPT -RRB- , during which for the first time nuclear States committed themselves unequivocally to proceed to the complete elimination of their nuclear arsenals . Now that this commitment has been publicly made , it must be   followed   up by implementation and we must all ensure that this will be the case . We must also make efforts to maintain the momentum and to ensure that the measures which have been decided do not remain empty promises and that here , in Geneva , as elsewhere , they will lead to action without delay .
 For the year ending 31 March 1999 , the highest return was provided by the equity portfolio , which had a total return of 13.9 per cent , followed by short-term investments with 9.9 per cent . For the year ending 31 March 2000 , the equity portfolio again provided the highest total return of 28.5 per cent ,   followed   by real estate with 15.0 per cent ; the bond portfolio had a negative return of 2.5 per cent . United States equities outperformed non-United States equities in 1997 , 1998 and 1999 , while United States bonds outperformed non-United States bonds in 1997 , 1998 and 2000 .
 Once implemented , the assignment -LSB- The direction in any such request -RSB- shall normally be irrevocable ; however , a participant or former participant may request , upon satisfactory evidence based on a court order or a provision or a settlement agreement incorporated into a court decree , a new direction decision by the Secretary that would alter or discontinue the payment or payments . Furthermore , such payment or payments -LSB- any direction -RSB- shall cease -LSB- to have effect -RSB-   following   the death of the participant or former participant . If a designee -LSB- under a direction -RSB- predeceases the participant or former participant , the payments shall not commence , or if they have commenced , shall cease upon the designee 's death .
 A comparison of the laws and practices of the OECD Member countries shows that the amount to be exempted varies considerably from country to country . The solution adopted by a State will depend on the policy   followed   by that State and its tax structure . It may be the intention of a State that its residents always enjoy the full benefit of their personal and family allowances and other deductions .
 The Group decided , in its consideration of article 26 , to examine whether the United Nations Model Convention or the Commentaries should include provisions for collection assistance . The Group agreed with the suggestion of a member from a developed country to include the   following   material dealing with Assistance in recovery in the Commentaries which may be considered by Contracting States during bilateral negotiations . ASSISTANCE IN RECOVERY 1 .
 Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination During the year , having regard to the relevant provisions of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the Special Committee continued to   follow   the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination -LRB- see also paras. 73 and 74 below -RRB- . Specialized agencies and international institutions associated with the United Nations
 The views of the representatives who spoke during the Committee 's consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records -LRB- A/C.6/55/SR.5-8 and 33 -RRB- . For its consideration of the item , the Committee had before it the   following   documents : -LRB- a -RRB- Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization ;
 2. Approves the charge of total requirements of US $ 6 , 154 , 600 for the United Nations Peace-building Support Office in Guinea-Bissau -LRB- UNOGBIS -RRB- and the United Nations Peace-building Support Office in the Central African Republic -LRB- BONUCA -RRB- against the provision for special political missions under section 3 -LRB- Political affairs -RRB- of the programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001 , 3. Notes that ,   following   this decision , the utilization of the provision for special political missions amounts to $ 61 , 517 , 700 and that an unallocated balance of $ 28 , 869 , 500 remains against the provision of $ 90 , 387 , 200 for special political missions. The oral report presented by the Chairman of the Advisory Committee would be issued as an official document and its symbol included in the first paragraph of the proposed draft decision .
 2.5.12 Withdrawal of an interpretative declaration An interpretative declaration may be withdrawn at any time by the authorities competent for that purpose ,   following   the same procedure applicable to its formulation . 2.5.13 Withdrawal of a conditional interpretative declaration
 Undocumented and/or illegal migrants found in The Bahamas are interviewed by appropriate personnel from the Department of Immigration .  Following   protocols developed in consultation with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees , persons found to have a well-founded fear of persecution should they return to their country of origin have been granted refugee status or assisted with relocation to a third country . Every effort is taken by the Government to improve the efficiency of the detention , interview and repatriation exercises connected to illegal migrants found in The Bahamas .
 It notes with concern that the information provided by the State party regarding the monitoring and follow-up of those individuals and on guarantees of due process is insufficient , and that its compatibility with article 3 of the Convention can not therefore be assessed . The Committee does , however , acknowledge that the State party did   follow   up certain cases through the intermediary of its diplomatic representatives abroad -LRB- art . The Committee recommends that the State party improve the monitoring of deported persons with a view to ensuring that no one may be removed , deported or extradited to a State where there is a serious risk that he or she might be subject to the death penalty , torture or other inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment .
 In close cooperation with the Committee established pursuant to resolutions 1267 -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and 1540 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and in accordance with its mandate , the Committee will pay special attention to States for which information on implementation of resolution 1373 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- is lacking and discuss how best to address the issue . The Committee will continue to   follow   the status of preparation of visits to be undertaken in the period from July 2009 to December 2010 . The Committee will take steps to ensure that visits conducted to States with their consent have the effect of enhancing their implementation of resolution 1373 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , assess the results of such visits , and consider the appropriate follow-up action .
 Outputs 28F.34 During the biennium 2010-2011 , the   following   final outputs and activities will be delivered : -LRB- a -RRB- Allocation of space and office planning within the United Nations area and coordination of related building services requirements , inventory control and property management , and administration of the garage ;
 Owing to resource constraints , the Finance Officer acts both as auditor and releaser for all transactions . For Lawson Accounting System payments , the three-tier approval -LRB- data entry , audit and release -RRB-   followed   in New York can not be adopted since audit and release functions are completed by the same person . Since all actions have to be released and validated by one professional , all payroll activities requiring three-tier approval can not be currently performed by the Geneva Finance team .
 Unless otherwise indicated , all other information in the present document is drawn from ESCAP , Economic and Social Survey of Asia and the Pacific 2009 -LRB- United Nations publication , Sales No. E.09.II.F.11 , forthcoming -RRB- . The food security summit held in Rome in June 2008 recommended forging an international consensus on the   following   five areas : -LRB- a -RRB- safeguard mechanisms for food security ; -LRB- b -RRB- sustainability principles ; -LRB- c -RRB- research and development , knowledge exchange and capacity-building ; -LRB- d -RRB- trade measures and financing options ; and -LRB- e -RRB- methodologies for measuring and monitoring biofuel impacts . See Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations , Bioenergy , food security and sustainabilitytowards an international framework , document prepared for the High-level Conference on Food Security : The Challenges of Climate Change and Bioenergy , Rome , 3-5 June 2008 -LRB- available at ftp : //ftp.fao.org/docrep/fao/meeting/013/k2498e.pdf -RRB- .
 He was particularly encouraged that both countries were committed rapidly to pursuing verifiable reductions in their strategic offensive arsenals by replacing the Treaty between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms -LRB- START I Treaty -RRB- with a new , legally binding pact . He hoped their example would serve as a catalyst in inspiring other nuclear powers to   follow   suit . With respect to the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , and despite the current serious challenges , he continued to believe that the six-party process was the best mechanism for achieving the verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula in a peaceful manner .
 The debate should be an informal meeting of experts that did not result in any binding conclusions , but rather encouraged fruitful , open exchanges on the issue of migration and development . Mr. Gonzlez Segura -LRB- Mexico -RRB- , speaking on behalf of the Rio Group , welcomed the adoption of the draft resolution by consensus , even though it did not provide a fully satisfactory definition of the most appropriate mechanism for   following   up the High-level Dialogue on International Migration and Development , held in 2006 . As the Rio Group had indicated , such a mechanism must be periodic and substantive and must take an integrated , people-centred approach to migration .
 For the year 2009 , the IMF estimates goods and services exports will fall by 13.5 per cent for developed countries and 6.5 per cent for developing countries . At the regional level , with its trade projected to decline by 9.1 per cent , developing Asia will be most severely affected ,   followed   by Latin America and the Caribbean -LRB- down 3.5 per cent -RRB- and Africa -LRB- down 2.2 per cent -RRB- . UNCTAD estimates that world merchandise trade will fall by 6-8 per cent with developing country exports projected to decline by 7-9 per cent and LDCs ' by 9-16 per cent .
 Over 90 per cent of the women involved were aged 25-54 . In cases reported in 2005 and 2006 , alcohol and drug addiction was the number one problem ,   followed   by -LRB- physical -RRB- abuse . The foundation 's work is not limited to ambulatory and residential care .
 Report on progress of the Land Degradation Assessment in Drylands In decision 15/COP.8 , the COP requested the UNCCD secretariat to continue to   follow   closely the activities of the Land Degradation Assessment in Drylands -LRB- LADA -RRB- project , and invited the project participants to involve , and take account of the needs of , the Convention national focal points and stakeholders in its further work . The secretariat has participated in the LADA Steering Committee meetings .
 Since then , this has continued to be an issue . As I indicated earlier , it is a simple matter ; if the Kenyan Government is saying categorically that he has left the country , we would like to be advised of the circumstances of his departure so that the case can be   followed   up appropriately . Regarding the matter of allegations against the Rwandese Patriotic Front -LRB- RPF -RRB- , we of course recognize that this is a matter that falls within our mandate , and we have been investigating those allegations with the result that , last year , we were able to reach an understanding with the Rwandans , who wanted to prosecute the case that we had developed .
 That Prime Minister Netanyahu has expressed a commitment to a peace agreement that includes the establishment of a Palestinian State is a welcome initial move . But that needs to be   followed   up by concrete steps , such as a revision of Israeli settlement policies , with an immediate end to settlement activities , including in East Jerusalem and including natural growth and the dismantlement of all outposts erected since March 2001 . Furthermore , we call upon the Government of Israel to refrain from unilateral actions in East Jerusalem , including the demolition of houses and evictions .
 We are confident that UNMIN , within its mandate , will provide the necessary support to the Nepalese for them to promptly overcome their problems . We will   follow   developments in that country . I now resume my functions as president of the Council .
 -LRB- i -RRB- To ensure greater protection of vulnerable populations , in particular children and internally displaced persons , by reinforcing the capacity of national security forces , especially in the north-west , north-east and south-east of the country ; -LRB- ii -RRB- To appoint a high-level contact point on child protection issues to   follow   up and coordinate actions on child protection , as well as liaise and fully cooperate with the task force on monitoring and reporting , in particular to ensure the development of effective prevention methods and response activities to the abuses and violations committed against children , in accordance with Security Council resolution 1612 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- ; -LRB- iii -RRB- To establish also an inter-ministerial task force or other appropriate mechanism within the Government that will be responsible for coordinating actions related to child disarmament , demobilization and reintegration ;
 The trust funds will be subject exclusively to the internal and external auditing procedures laid down in the financial regulations , rules and administrative instruction and directives of UNIDO .  Following   the model of the TCB Trust Fund , the trust funds will be managed by the Programme and Project Approval Committee -LRB- PAC -RRB- within the specific terms of reference -LRB- TOR -RRB- and criteria for each of the Trust Funds . Regular progress reports will be prepared showing the use of the Funds as well as the results in terms of projects and programmes developed and funded .
 Tables and graphs illustrating the results have been drawn up . For 2008 , they show that March was the month with the most heat focuses -LRB- with a total of 529 -RRB- ,   followed   by February and May -LRB- with somewhat over 300 -RRB- . The time of day when most heat focuses and the highest temperatures were recorded was between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. Fires were observed in all 14 of Cuba 's provinces .
 Methodology In accordance with decision 3/COP.8 , the multi-year workplans are prepared   following   a RBM approach . This approach aims to improve programme and management effectiveness and accountability and is oriented towards achieving predefined results .
 A detailed description of the RBM approach and concepts used in the workplans and programmes submitted to COP 9 is contained in document ICCD/COP -LRB- 9 -RRB- /5 , while some key features of the workplans and related terminology are presented below . The multi-year workplans are constructed around the five operational objectives and the respective outcome areas under each objective , as defined in The Strategy ,   following   the mandates and functions of each subsidiary body and institution . The workplans provide expected accomplishments for a four-year period , together with related performance indicators .
 Since 2000 , UNITAR has been providing training on negotiation techniques and on mediation to representatives of indigenous peoples through its programme on peacemaking and conflict prevention . The training programme was developed in response to requests by indigenous peoples and   following   the recommendations of United Nations special rapporteurs who requested advanced training in conflict analysis and negotiation for indigenous peoples . UNITAR training programmes focus on strengthening negotiation skills that would allow indigenous peoples to negotiate effectively in development processes and other issues that affect their communities , as well as to engage in dialogue regarding their priorities .
 Outputs 17A.43 During the biennium 2010-2011 , the   following   outputs will be delivered : -LRB- a -RRB- Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies -LRB- regular budget -RRB- :
 Outputs 17A.59 During the biennium 2010-2011 , the   following   outputs will be delivered : -LRB- a -RRB- Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies -LRB- regular budget -RRB- :
 Mr. Humood -LRB- Bahrain -RRB- said that victims of human trafficking were identified by means of reports made at police stations or direct reports to the Ministry of the Interior . All incidents were investigated and   followed   up by the Ministry 's human trafficking unit . In addition to cooperating with the Ministry of Labour to ensure that private sector employers respected workers ' legal rights , the unit was responsible for identifying and prosecuting persons involved in human trafficking and also for placing victims in official shelters .
 Croatia greatly appreciates the unerring efforts of AMISOM , whose troops are operating in an extremely difficult environment . While echoing the calls to strengthen its capacities , we commend the troop-contributing countries , in particular Uganda and Burundi , and we hope that others will   follow   suit in fulfilling their pledges . We welcome the pledges made at the international conference in support of Somalia 's security institutions and AMISOM held in Brussels on 23 April .
 In addition to the verified cases , there were 26 reports of sexual violence against girls that the United Nations was not able to verify . The majority of the incidents of rape or sexual violence occurred in Western Darfur , affecting 31 children ,   followed   by Southern Darfur , with reports involving 17 children . One third of the total 34 reported incidents were perpetrated against internally displaced children or occurred within the vicinity of an internally displaced persons ' camp .
 This implies that the Forum shall work to promote the incorporation of the Declaration into national legislation as well as its application in the national courts and administrative decisions of the various countries . Second , the Forum shall   follow   up the effectiveness of the Declaration , that is , to see whether the realities -LRB- law in action -RRB- are in conformity with the written law and decisions -LRB- law in books -RRB- , and if not , take necessary actions to close the implementation gap . This new and extensive responsibility does not , in the wording of the article , correspond with any authority to accomplish what is required in this regard .
 Ninety-two per cent of rurally-employed males were engaged in these activities while 83.6 per cent of females of rurally employed were hired in this sector . On the other hand , 21.8 per cent of the employed persons in urban areas were engaged in the wholesale and retail trades ,   followed   by manufacturing -LRB- 14.3 per cent -RRB- and hotel and restaurant -LRB- 10.8 per cent -RRB- . Higher proportion of females than males in urban areas participated in the wholesale and retail trade , manufacturing and hotel and restaurant industrial divisions compared to male counter part .
 Particulars shall be determined by law . Special or ad hoc courts that take judicial powers away form the regular courts or institutions legally empowered to exercise judicial functions and which do not   follow   legally prescribed procedures shall not be established . Pursuant to sub-Article 5 of Article 34 the House of Peoples ' Representatives and State Councils can establish or give official recognition to religious and customary courts .
 CESCR in 2005 encouraged Norway to adopt effective measures to address the underlying causes of regional disparities in health indicators . In its response to the concluding observations of CERD , Norway indicated that since  2004 , the county governors have   followed   up with those municipalities that provided inadequate services to ensure that the services have been brought up to standard . CESCR noted with concern the increasing number of evictions carried out mainly as a consequence of unpaid rent ; and that disadvantaged and marginalized groups in society are particularly affected by the privatization of municipal social housing and rising housing prices .
 Israel , pursuant to its comprehensive export control legislation and regulations , controls transfers of arms , military technology and dual-use items very closely . In view of the specific threat , Israel decided to   follow   the principals of the Wassenaar Arrangement , and closely control man-portable air defence systems in all its aspects -LRB- as adopted by the plenary of the Wassenaar Agreement in December 2003 -RRB- . Israel recently enacted a new law governing national defence export controls .
 A9.2.3.2 In the third sentence , replace chronic hazard with long-term hazard . Amend the fifth and sixth sentences to read as   follows   : It is this acute toxicity which has therefore been used as the core property in defining both the acute and the long-term hazard if no adequate chronic test data are available .
 Article 7 , paragraphs 2 , 3 and 3 ter The   following   line shall be inserted after the line that reads  in Annex E , for the year 1991 ,  in paragraph 2 of Article 7 of the Protocol :  in Annex F , for the years 2004 , 2005 , and 2006 , 
 -LSB- Replace Article 2 , paragraph 2 , with : Parties shall take the necessary action to achieve a reduction of emissions of greenhouse gases not controlled by the Montreal Protocol from international aviation and maritime transport . Insert the   following   paragraphs after Article 2 , paragraph 2 : Global reduction targets for emissions from international aviation shall be set equal to -LSB- XX per cent -RSB- below 2005 levels in the commitment period -LSB- 20XX to 20XX -RSB- .
 Veterinary support for Forces activities -LRB- prevention , disease control , treatment and veterinary health oversight and control -RRB- shall be organized by the Joint Command and carried out by the veterinary service of the Collective Peacekeeping Forces in coordination with the veterinary institutions of the receiving Party . When a peacekeeping operation on the territory of a member State is being prepared and conducted , the receiving Party shall be responsible for the   following   , by prior agreement : Providing accommodation for the Collective Peacekeeping Forces and granting them the right to use , at no cost , the infrastructure facilities needed in order to carry out their tasks ;
 Moving forward , delegations might also want to review the format of the meeting . In the past ,   following   the Rules of Procedure of the General Assembly , the meeting has taken the form of a plenary debate . Given the positive response of delegations to the interactive panel discussions that have been organized on several occasions , and specifically for the development meeting in 2007 , delegations might want to consider recommending a more interactive format for the development meeting itself .
 From 2007 to 2008 , resources available for HIV programmes increased by 21 per cent . In terms of funding , domestic sources accounted for 53 per cent in 2008 ,   followed   by 31 per cent from bilateral donors , 12 per cent from multilateral institutions , including the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria , and 5 per cent from philanthropic institutions . Annual funding available for HIV/AIDS programmes
 -LRB- Agenda item 2 -LRB- d -RRB- -RRB- At the 9th meeting , on 12 December , the President recalled that the CMP , at its first session , had adopted decision 36/CMP.1 , which states that credentials from Parties to the Kyoto Protocol would apply for participation of their representatives in sessions of the COP and of the CMP , and that a single report on credentials would be submitted for approval ,   following   established procedures , by the Bureau of the COP to the COP and to the CMP . At the same meeting , the CMP approved the credentials of Parties attending the session .
 Single audit principle The Internal Audit Office continues to   follow   the principles of maintaining the integrity of the United Nations `single audit principle ' as detailed in the report of UNOPS on internal audit and oversight in 2007 -LRB- DP/2008/12 -RRB- presented to the Executive Board at its annual session 2008 . Operational issues
 In light of the foregoing , no group in the DRC is disadvantaged in terms of work . As to disadvantaged regions or sectors , the proportion of employed workers is highest in Kinshasa -LRB- 16 % -RRB- ,   followed   by Kasai Occidental -LRB- 13 % -RRB- , Bas-Congo -LRB- 9 % -RRB- and Katanga -LRB- 7 % -RRB- . These figures reflect the country 's inequalities in terms of industrialization and the employment potential of the modern sector .
 According to human poverty indicators in grassroots communities , the human poverty index is 38.5 % in the cities and 43.3 % in the countryside . In the provinces , the human poverty index -LRB- HPI -RRB- reveals great disparities : the Orientale province , for example , is the poorest , with an HPI of 65.1 ,   followed   by Maniema with 40.5 . The provinces of Sud-Kivu with HPI of 31.6 and Kinshasa with 32.7 are the least poor .
 The request was denied by immigration authorities , who needed the passport in order to execute the author 's removal .  Following   the author 's exclusion from the refugee protection process under IRPA , the Departure Order against the author became enforceable and he was summoned to a pre-removal interview scheduled for 19 May 2006 which he did not attend . A warrant for his arrest was issued on 24 August 2006 on the ground that he was unlikely to appear for subsequent pre-removal interviews .
 In the report of the seventh session of the Permanent Forum , it was recommended that the Statistical Commission advocate for the promotion of indigenous peoples ' issues in the 2010 round of population and housing censuses -LRB- E/2008/43/ , para .  Following   up on this recommendation , the Statistics Division included this dimension in all of the workshops it conducted related to the 2010 round of population and housing censuses . It has to be emphasized , however , that in a number of national practices the questions on ethnicity are not included in the population and housing census as a consequence of legislative limitations .
 Evaluation Follow-ups are an integral component of the evaluation process , as they contribute towards ensuring that programmes are moving in the right direction towards better meeting the needs of beneficiaries   following   the substantive guidance provided by the evaluation recommendations . In 2008 , the Working Party examined the progress made on implementing recommendations from evaluations conducted in 2007 and 2006 .
 It should be noted , however , that in some instances lower rates are charged as mentioned earlier .  Following   recommendations by the Joint Inspection Unit -LRB- JIU -RRB- , set out in its report JIU/REP/2002/3 , and further to the ACABQ recommendations contained in document HSP/GC/20/9/Add.1 and HSP/GC/21/4/Add.1 , in order to establish a simplified and harmonized cost recovery mechanism , UN-Habitat participates in the United Nations inter-agency working group established under the auspices of the High-level Committee on Management , to review the measures and adequacy of programme support cost-recovery policies . Technical cooperation
 As a general principle , the group considered that guarantees given by authorized authorities should be considered as valid and trustworthy . Additional internal legislation may be required to ensure that the guarantees provided are in fact   followed   in the country . The group stressed the importance of paragraph 16 of article 16 containing the obligation to consult between the requesting and requested States before refusing to extradite .
 The budget proposals reflect a thorough analysis and review of resources and activities , with extensive consultations with programme managers to ensure the optimal utilization of resources in order to fully , efficiently and effectively implement the objectives and mandates set by Member States . Consistent with previous bienniums , in setting proposals for the biennium 2010-2011 , strict budgetary discipline has been   followed   . These proposals have been formulated keeping in mind that the emphasis of the Organization should be on achieving results as opposed to generating outputs .
 Attaching great importance to the efforts made by international and regional organizations including the United Nations -LRB- UN -RRB- , the Shanghai Cooperation Organization -LRB- SCO -RRB- , the Commonwealth of Independent States -LRB- CIS -RRB- , the Collective Security Treaty Organization -LRB- CSTO -RRB- , the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe -LRB- OSCE -RRB- and Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building Measures in Asia -LRB- CICA -RRB- to combat the threats of terrorism , illicit drug trafficking and organized crime , Declare the   following   : Combating Illicit Drug Trafficking
 Europe has the largest opiate market in economic terms , and although use appears to be stable in many Western European countries , increases have been reported in Eastern Europe . The largest market for cocaine remains North America ,   followed   by West and Central Europe and South America . Significant declines in cocaine use were reported in the United States of America .
 On behalf of the Peacebuilding Commission 's configuration on the Central African Republic , I warmly welcome the outcome of the inclusive political dialogue , which took place in Bangui from 8 to 20 December 2008 , paving the way for an end to conflict and recurring instability in the Central African Republic , through national reconciliation and reconstruction with the assistance of the international community . The Cabinet reshuffle ,   following   the recommendation of a new Government gathering the entities participating in the dialogue , and the agreement on an independent electoral commission to prepare the 2010 elections are very encouraging signs of the willingness of all stakeholders to work towards a peaceful and prosperous Central African Republic . The new Government must maintain the momentum gained by the dialogue .
 The Force Medical Officer is required to submit a record of all vaccinations administered in the field , indicating the names , United Nations identification numbers and nationalities , as well as the types and doses of vaccinations given . Failure to   follow   United Nations-recommended immunization and chemo prophylaxis policies may result in the denial of entry into the host country , as well as rejection of any resulting medical claims and compensation . Malaria prophylaxis and vector control
 It asked the Government about its strategy to stop the recruitment of child soldiers . Luxembourg recommended that Burundi -LRB- a -RRB- train law enforcement officials better to ensure that perpetrators of sexual violence are prosecuted in a more severe and consequent manner ; -LRB- b -RRB-   follow   the recommendations of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women to guarantee appropriate compensation and support and assistance measures for victims of sexual violence ; and -LRB- c -RRB- set up hosting and reintegration structures for HIV/AIDS orphans . Noting improvements in health care , Luxembourg stated that the right to health has not been guaranteed for the majority of the population and -LRB- d -RRB- recommended that Burundi progressively increase its budgetary allocations to health in order to try to reach the 15 per cent target set by the Heads of States of the African Union in the African Strategy for Health 2007-2015 .
 In some cases , remote dispensaries are staffed with one midwife and one nurse aide instead of one registered nurse and one nurse aide . The aggregate figures show that hospitals absorb about 60 per cent of the workforce   followed   by around 30 per cent by community health and 10 per cent by the administrative functions at central level . The annual health expenditure -LRB- public plus private -RRB- is estimated to be VT 6 , 270 -LRB- US $ 66 -RRB- per-capita , which corresponds to 4.1 per cent of GDP .
 Some States noted that the mechanism could provide an additional tool in the follow-up of treaty body recommendations and vice versa . One State considered that the treaty bodies should not refer to the voluntary contributions or pledges made by the States parties in the context of the mechanism , as these could only be   followed   up by the mechanism . The compilation of treaty body and special procedures information prepared by OHCHR was highlighted as an important tool for the mechanism , and treaty bodies were encouraged to prioritize their concerns and recommendations .
 Some States emphasized that it was useful to know the identity of the country rapporteur -LRB- s -RRB- in advance to allow for an early engagement with them . While most treaty bodies were quite transparent in this respect , all were encouraged to   follow   their example . Some referred to the necessity of having open nomination processes for treaty body members at the national level .
 The Permanent Forum congratulates IFAD for its ongoing initiative to develop an institutional policy on engaging with indigenous peoples and supports the approval of the policy by the Executive Board of IFAD . That initiative is a positive example to be   followed   by United Nations agencies and other intergovernmental organizations , and conforms with the repeated call of the Permanent Forum to agencies to adopt policies on indigenous peoples ' issues . The Permanent Forum takes note with appreciation of the Fund 's approach with regard to incorporating the United Nations Declaration of the Rights of Indigenous People in its programmes and projects at both the institutional-policy and operational levels through its country-level operative planning tools .
 It asked about Government follow-up to recommendations of the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions in 2008 . Belgium recommended -LRB- a -RRB- the establishment of a permanent coordination structure for different security forces to consistently address various issues such as the training of the military and providing them with weapons ; and that members of the security forces receive training in humanitarian and human rights law and that they   follow   a programme for gender awareness at all ranks ; and -LRB- b -RRB- that members of the security forces suspected of violations of human rights or humanitarian law be rapidly handed over to justice for investigation and judgment . It encouraged severe vetting action linked to recruiting and promotion .
 The statutes were the legal foundation of the new system , and she looked forward to their adoption at the main part of the current session . The Sixth Committee had recently agreed on most of the text of the draft statutes but had taken the view that a number of matters should be decided by the General Assembly   following   the recommendation of the Fifth Committee . One of those matters was how to handle the large number of cases that would not be resolved in the current system before the transition to the new system took place .
 It requested the Chilean delegation to share more information on the subject , and on difficulties faced by Chile in increasing the participation of women in its labour force . The Republic of Korea considered Chile 's path toward democracy and its Government 's efforts to uphold human rights as good practice for other countries to   follow   . It asked for information on Chile 's experience in handling the balance between truth and justice one the one hand and reconciliation on the other .
 Finally , the Working Group was briefed on the initiative of the United Nations Inter-Agency Security Management Network to develop a United Nations-wide policy on security and on contracting private security companies . The Working Group welcomes this initiative , which aims at defining the situations and rules regarding the hiring of armed guards as well as the type of personnel that can be recruited   following   rigorous vetting and training . It is crucial for the United Nations to have clear and transparent system-wide policy , guidelines , and oversight mechanisms on the use of private security contractors .
 In accordance with Security Council resolution 1612 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , the Government of the Central African Republic should fully cooperate with the United Nations task force to implement the monitoring and reporting mechanism . In this regard a high-level focal point should be appointed within the Government to liaise with the task force and   follow   up and coordinate on child protection issues . Furthermore , I recommend that the Government establish an inter-ministerial task force that will be responsible for coordinating actions within the Government and with the United Nations related to child disarmament , demobilization and reintegration , in line with the Paris Principles and Guidelines on Children Associated with Armed Forces or Armed Groups .
 With regard to the impact of the capital master plan on conference services , it was imperative that the servicing of meetings held at Headquarters should continue without interruption . The Chief Information Technology Officer must be involved to ensure that established information technology standards , policies and procedures were   followed   . The Advisory Committee was concerned about the slow pace of recruitment to fill vacant conference services posts at the United Nations Office at Geneva and the chronic high vacancy rate in the interpretation section at the United Nations Office at Nairobi .
 This trend can be partly attributed to better reporting , but it also reflects changes in the patterns of natural hazards , specifically climate-related hazards , and in human settlement and vulnerability . Floods were the most common type of disaster recorded in 2008 -LRB- 166 recorded events -RRB- ,   followed   by storms -LRB- 112 recorded events -RRB- and earthquakes -LRB- 23 events -RRB- . Climate-related hazards caused 91 per cent of disasters in 2008 , consistent with the trend of increasing climate-related disasters in recent years .
 Humanitarian agencies continued to contribute to common risk analysis through production of the quarterly report Early Warning Early Action , which aims to foster enhanced preparedness and early humanitarian response . Key humanitarian actors also met through the Emergency Directors Meeting , a network for identifying and   following   up on preparedness actions for major and potential humanitarian emergencies , which held several formal and ad hoc meetings during the reporting period . Recommendations relating to operational strategy and policy arising from this forum have enhanced the quality of humanitarian response , for example , in Afghanistan , the Philippines , Somalia , the Sudan and Yemen , among others .
 With the demand for increased visibility of the Mission , the volume of stories and features will increase , along with the need to bring about vision , good planning , mentoring and follow-up . One Camera Operator and one Production Assistant -LRB- National Professional Officers -RRB- are required to support the unit 's increasing activities as more stories need to be covered in different areas ,   following   requests from , for example , 21st Century Production , United Nations in Action , CNN World Report , UNIFEED and others . The incumbents dealing with various aspects of demobilization and disarmament will support coverage of different aspects of return and recovery , the demining process , conflict resolution and peacebuilding in various areas .
 The Secretary-General has the honour to transmit to the Economic and Social Council the report prepared in accordance with Council resolution 2007/16 by the Executive Secretaries of the Economic Commission for Europe and the Economic Commission for Africa on the activities carried out within the framework of the project for a Europe-Africa fixed link through the Strait of Gibraltar . The Economic and Social Council has been interested in this project since 1982 , following the decision taken by the Governments of Morocco and Spain within the framework of a bilateral agreement on cooperation adopted on 24 October 1980 for the joint study of the feasibility of the project. Since that time , the Council has regularly requested the two regional commissions to   follow   the development of the project studies and keep it informed in that regard . Project for a Europe-Africa fixed link through the Strait of Gibraltar : report on studies and activities carried out during the period 2006-2009
 -LRB- 4 -RRB- The wide diversity of practice has not been of great assistance in resolving this point . Thus , the Indian reservation to the IMCO Constitution - once the controversy over the procedure to be   followed   was resolved - was accepted by the IMCO Council under article 27 of the Convention , whereas the Turkish reservation to the same Convention was -LRB- implicitly -RRB- accepted by the Assembly . With regard to the reservation by the United States of America to the Constitution of the World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- , the Secretary-General referred the matter to the WHO Assembly , which was , by virtue of article 75 of the Constitution , competent to decide on any disputes with regard to the interpretation of that instrument .
 HRW conducted follow-up research in March 2008 . HRW mentioned that its 2007 fact finding mission report had documented abuses in both the northeast and the northwest ; however , its researchers were unable to   follow   up on abuses taking place in the northeast due to logistical and time constraints . HRW also stated that Government security forces were responsible for the majority of human rights violations in northwest from 2005 to 2007 but that these abuses , however , have diminished since the Presidential Guard withdrew most of its forces from the region in mid-2007 .
 The Office provided briefings to the United Nations country team and meetings of the wider international community . It closely   followed   dynamics within and between the political parties , as well as the evolving role and impact on the peace process of historically marginalized groups . The Office also observed proceedings of the Constituent Assembly .
 All envisaged laws regulating rights of non-majority communities have been adopted . The recruitment procedures for persons belonging to the non-majority communities are pursued   following   the envisaged dynamics . A Committee of Ministers has been established to monitor the implementation of the Ohrid Framework Agreement .
 The Committee had demonstrated its flexibility by considering the oral presentation in the absence of a written report . Not all of its questions had been answered , but she hoped that Dominica would   follow   the Committee 's guidelines in the preparation of its report and provide more details on the situation of women in Dominica as well as some statistics disaggregated by gender . Additional information was also needed on the details of legislation and its implementation .
 In addition , the recommendations address third-party effectiveness issues but do not set out priority rules , leaving them to domestic secured transactions law -LRB- including the law recommended in the Guide -RRB- . The main features of such best practices are the   following   : -LRB- a -RRB- A security right in a mark covered by a pending application or registration should be registrable in the national Trademark Office ;
 Latvia was pleased at Vanuatu 's announcement extending a standing invitation to special procedures of the Human Rights Council . Latvia invited other countries to   follow   this commendable example . With regard to the promotion and protection of human rights of women and children , Malaysia asked if Vanuatu could elaborate on whether it would be in a position to take on board the recommendations of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women and the Committee on the Rights of the Child , specifically those stated in pages 4 and 5 of the compilation report .
 In fact , 2008 marked the first year that investment in new power generation capacity from renewable energy technologies was greater than investment in fossil-fuelled technologies . Most of it was invested in the wind sector -LRB- with a total financial investment of $ 51.8 billion -RRB- ,   followed   by the solar sector -LRB- $ 33.5 billion -RRB- , especially in the markets of the European Union , North America , China , Eastern Europe and Latin America . Financial investment increased particularly in developing countries , by 27 per cent compared with 2007 , to $ 36.6 billion , whereas investment in developed countries fell by 1.7 per cent to $ 82.3 billion .
 The prevalence of cocaine use in the six countries was , on average , 1.4 per cent , clearly exceeding the global average -LRB- 0.4 per cent -RRB- . The highest rate was reported for Argentina -LRB- 2.7 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by Uruguay -LRB- 1.7 per cent -RRB- , Chile -LRB- 1.3 per cent -RRB- , Bolivia -LRB- 0.7 per cent -RRB- , Peru -LRB- 0.3 per cent -RRB- and Ecuador -LRB- 0.1 per cent -RRB- . Expert perceptions from countries throughout the region are that there is an increase in the use of all the main drug types , including cocaine .
 According to those expert perceptions , the most widely used drug among the general population was cannabis , followed by cocaine and amphetamines . Based on data on treatment for drug dependence , opioids are the primary drug of choice among people admitted for treatment -LRB- 60 per cent of cases -RRB- ,   followed   by cannabis -LRB- 19 per cent -RRB- , amphetamine-type stimulants -LRB- 10.5 per cent -RRB- and cocaine -LRB- 9.1 per cent -RRB- . Although in general the kinds of drugs for which people are admitted for treatment in Western and Central Europe differ from those for which people are admitted for treatment in Eastern and South-Eastern Europe , the largest difference relates specifically to the proportion of admissions in which cocaine is the principle drug of choice -LRB- 2.7 per cent in Eastern and South-Eastern Europe compared with 12.9 per cent in Western and Central Europe -RRB- .
 Cocaine is less commonly used than in the Americas . Cannabis remains the most commonly used drug ,   followed   by amphetamine-type stimulants . In Australia , the 2007 national household survey found that 9.1 per cent of people aged 14 years and older had used cannabis in the previous year , 3.5 per cent had used ecstasy , 2.3 per cent had used methamphetamine and 1.6 per cent had used cocaine .
 It is also a bridge between the public and private sectors -LRB- the concept of public/private partnership first emerged in the context of sustainability concerns -RRB- , between Governments and civil society , between global and national goals , between current and future generations , between knowledge and action , and between developed and developing countries . As such , an assessment of the implementation of Agenda 21 has to   follow   two paths ; the first on the stated goals of the agenda , and the second on its aspiration to bring diverse agendas together . Sustainable development starts with a conundrum .
 Lastly , his delegation concurred with the Advisory Committee that the level of the contingency fund should remain at 0.75 per cent of the overall level of resources . Mr. Mukai -LRB- Japan -RRB- said that , while the budget outline was in essence a tool providing the Secretariat with guidance in preparing the proposed programme budget for the   following   biennium , in accordance with the budget process for off-budget years established in General Assembly resolution 41/213 , it also had other valuable functions . In particular , it provided Member States with a comprehensive picture of the size and structure of the next biennial programme budget and should convey both the Secretary-General 's priorities and how he intended to achieve them .
 Where an organ of the executive or legislative branch is the one formally appointing judges following their selection by an independent body , recommendations from such a body should only be rejected in exceptional cases and on the basis of well established criteria that have been made public in advance . For such cases , there should be a specific procedure by which the executive body is required to substantiate in a written manner for which reasons it has not   followed   the recommendation of the above-mentioned independent body for the appointment of a proposed candidate . Furthermore , such written substantiation should be made accessible to the public .
 Several speakers endorsed the idea of having uniform language across agencies on procedures for the disclosure of internal audit reports , particularly as this would support wider coherence efforts ; other speakers said that differences among agencies made common language and procedures inappropriate . Delegations emphasized the need to treat the disclosure of internal audit reports with prudence , and the importance of   following   procedure carefully  both in spirit and letter  in order to avoid any misunderstandings and build trust and confidence in the process . The President of the Executive Board concluded the discussion with agreement to continue negotiations on the accountability system and expressed his intention to appoint a facilitator .
 The incumbent would focus on : -LRB- a -RRB- strengthening the capacities of judicial institutions and developing a criminal justice policy -LRB- adopting a victims-centred approach -RRB- ; -LRB- b -RRB- improving access to justice for victims ; -LRB- c -RRB- ensuring the effective application of the 2006 laws on sexual violence ; and -LRB- d -RRB- ensuring reparation for victims of sexual violence . The Administrative Assistant -LRB- Field Service -RRB- would provide general office support services , schedule appointments ,   follow   up on requests for information , draft routine correspondence and assist in the preparation of documentation for distribution , process and follow up administrative arrangements and forms related to the official travel of staff , maintain files of rules , regulations , administrative instructions and other related documents , maintain files , and assist in processing and following up on actions related to the administration of the Unit 's human resources issues . Component 5 : support
 The incumbent would focus on : -LRB- a -RRB- strengthening the capacities of judicial institutions and developing a criminal justice policy -LRB- adopting a victims-centred approach -RRB- ; -LRB- b -RRB- improving access to justice for victims ; -LRB- c -RRB- ensuring the effective application of the 2006 laws on sexual violence ; and -LRB- d -RRB- ensuring reparation for victims of sexual violence . The Administrative Assistant -LRB- Field Service -RRB- would provide general office support services , schedule appointments , follow up on requests for information , draft routine correspondence and assist in the preparation of documentation for distribution , process and   follow   up administrative arrangements and forms related to the official travel of staff , maintain files of rules , regulations , administrative instructions and other related documents , maintain files , and assist in processing and following up on actions related to the administration of the Unit 's human resources issues . Component 5 : support
 The incumbent would focus on : -LRB- a -RRB- strengthening the capacities of judicial institutions and developing a criminal justice policy -LRB- adopting a victims-centred approach -RRB- ; -LRB- b -RRB- improving access to justice for victims ; -LRB- c -RRB- ensuring the effective application of the 2006 laws on sexual violence ; and -LRB- d -RRB- ensuring reparation for victims of sexual violence . The Administrative Assistant -LRB- Field Service -RRB- would provide general office support services , schedule appointments , follow up on requests for information , draft routine correspondence and assist in the preparation of documentation for distribution , process and follow up administrative arrangements and forms related to the official travel of staff , maintain files of rules , regulations , administrative instructions and other related documents , maintain files , and assist in processing and   following   up on actions related to the administration of the Unit 's human resources issues . Component 5 : support
 Table 9 lists the top 10 non-OECD/DAC contributing countries . The Republic of Korea ranked in first position ,   followed   by China , Brazil and the United Arab Emirates . Table 9 Contributions from non-Development Assistance Committee countries to the United Nations system : 2007a
 The Office focused its monitoring and protection activities on the right to non-discrimination , security of the person and freedom of movement and on property rights . The Office conducted regular patrols and joined United Nations military observer patrols ; monitored the detention conditions in Gali town ; interviewed residents and collected information from its partners in the field ; and   followed   up on specific complaints and raised issues of concern with the relevant authorities . In addition , the Office continued to monitor developments related to the issuance of Abkhaz passports in the Gali district and the language of instruction in local schools , which remained of concern .
 The Office has conducted monitoring visits to detention facilities to monitor court proceedings and provide advisory services to the local population on the Abkhaz-controlled side of the ceasefire line . The Human Rights Office   followed   up on individual cases involving the right to physical integrity , the right to the security and safety of the person , equal treatment and non-discrimination and the right to access health services , as well as cases of alleged extortion . It also continued to monitor the case of a legal professional in Gagra who had been physically attacked in November 2007 in the exercise of his professional activities .
 In that respect DPAA acknowledged the appointment of the Special Needs Officer in the Ministry of Education in 2003 and the establishment of the National Disability Committee in 2007 but encouraged the Government to support this Committee with adequate financial , human and technical resources . DPAA also congratulated the Shefa Provincial Government Council for adopting the CPD as its platform for action in June 2008 and for the other measures adopted for the promotion of the rights of persons with disabilities and encouraged the five other provinces to   follow   its lead . DPAA commended Sanma and Torba Provincial Governments for their support to disability organizations .
 Fifth and last , there is the requirement to ensure a more productive impact on the environment in which we operate by contributing to the local or regional development of industry and individuals and by ensuring that the footprint is ecologically mindful and environmentally sensitive . The elaboration   following   these drivers will be framed by the views expressed by Member States a few weeks ago during the adoption of the peacekeeping budgets regarding the balance between ambitions and the availability of resources to achieve them . We are conscious that all of this work requires that solid business cases be constructed to inform the decision-making and strategic direction .
 That is why we are grateful for the working document on a field support strategy , which Under-Secretary-General Susana Malcorra has shared with the Member States and which the General Assembly will consider in the near future . At the same time , another of the main aspects within the different mandates of the peacekeeping operations is that of protecting civilians in armed conflicts , particularly women and children , and   following   up on its implementation . In that respect , we underscore the need to be more clear with respect to the elements that make up the mandates , the responsibilities that stem from them and the development of monitoring mechanisms for proper implementation .
 As several comments by international organizations during the course of the project have revealed , the latter are keen to ensure that any codification of the law on the responsibility of international organizations fully reflects their characteristics as subjects of international law and is not detrimental to the full and unimpeded discharge of their respective constitutional functions . This concern is particularly relevant since the Commission has   followed   the approach of modelling the draft articles on the articles on the responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts , even though the practice available on many aspects of the responsibility of international organizations is scarce or non-existent and the status of the law in this area is less settled than in the case of States . B. Invocation of the responsibility of an international organization  General considerations
 As member of the United Nations and other international organizations , Cameroon is highly concerned with issues that threaten international security and peace , especially the proliferation of chemical , biological and nuclear weapons and their means of delivery , as well as taking measures to ensure that these weapons do not fall into the hands of non-State actors , especially terrorists . The Government of Cameroon has decided that its Ministry of External Relations shall handle and   follow   up the implementation processes of resolution 1540 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . It would be important to stress at the beginning of this report the fact that Cameroon is neither a producer nor possessor of chemical , biological and nuclear weapons , but does not neglect the fact that its territory can be used to transport these dangerous substances , taking into consideration the country 's strategic position as a crossroads in the Gulf of Guinea .
 E. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work Also at its 1st meeting , the Meeting adopted its provisional agenda -LRB- A/CONF.213/RPM.3/L.1 -RRB- , which read as   follows   : Opening of the Meeting .
 These other contractual rights might include , for example , the licensor 's right to compel the licensee to advertise the licensed intellectual property or product with respect to which the intellectual property is used , or the right to compel the licensee to market the licensed intellectual property only in a particular manner , as well as the right to terminate the licence agreement on account of the licensee 's breach .  Following   the approach taken in most legal systems and reflected in the United Nations Assignment Convention , the Guide treats rights to receive payment of royalties arising from the transfer or licence of intellectual property as proceeds of intellectual property in the form of receivables . This means that the general discussion and recommendations dealing with security rights in proceeds , as modified by the receivables-specific discussion and recommendations , apply to rights to payment of royalties .
 This approach is justified by the commercial utility in allowing a security right to extend to future intellectual property . Many laws relating to intellectual property   follow   the same approach , allowing owners to obtain financing useful in the development of new works , provided of course that their value can be reasonably estimated in advance . For example , in some States it is possible to create a security right in a patent application before the patent is issued .
 The Committee will also continue to reflect on additional ways to address the cases of States that do not meet the requirements of resolution 1373 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . The Committee will continue to   follow   the status of preparation of visits to be undertaken in the period from January 2009 to December 2010 . The Committee will take steps to ensure that visits conducted to States with their consent have the effect of enhancing their implementation of resolution 1373 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , assess the results of such visits and consider the appropriate follow-up action .
 The target groups were men and women of all ages , children in elementary schools , high-school students and young people , decision makers , chambers of commerce , employers organizations , trade unions , other NGOs including youth boards , and youth chambers . The project had the   following   aims : A series of activities took place in order to promote the above objectives .
 Furthermore , the policy of restricting employment during the first six months is a deterrent for third country nationals living abroad to submit an abusive -LRB- non-genuine -RRB- asylum application solely for the purpose of employment . Occupations and economic sectors where asylum seekers may be employed ,   following   the decision of the Minister of Labor and Social Insurance dated 10/10/2008 , have been extended in order to include more sectors of the economy -LRB- e.g. commerce , delivery service , fishery etc -RRB- taking into account the situation in the labor market . Article 7 - The right to just and favourable conditions of work
 New posts III.2 The establishment of one P-3 post for a Special Assistant is requested to assist the Registrar in carrying out such tasks as preparing official and diplomatic correspondence , researching and drafting papers and briefing notes ,   following   up on communication with parties to cases and parties to the Statute of the Court , negotiating with the host country and coordinating with Headquarters and with other United Nations entities -LRB- ibid. , para . The Advisory Committee recommends approval of the establishment of this post .
 In the opinion of OIOS , this resulted from a lack of oversight of the programme by UNCTAD and inadequate governance , which did not allow for effective monitoring and review of major decisions .  Following   a recommendation by OIOS , UNCTAD advised that it will launch a new software application in 2010 so as to fully comply with United Nations rules . OIOS conducted an audit of the adequacy of the arrangements for implementing the clean development mechanism at the secretariat of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change -LRB- AA2008/241/01 -RRB- .
 The scope included security arrangements for design and compliance with contractual obligations . The report made 14 recommendations , of which 11 had already been implemented by the time the report was issued in December 2008 , two were in progress and one is to be   followed   up . United Nations Compensation Commission
 The President said that no organization had expressed a wish to enter into an agreement with UNIDO under Article 19.1 of the Constitution .  Following   a recommendation made by the Group of 77 at the previous session of the Board , the Secretariat had undertaken a review of the status of cooperation between UNIDO and the various intergovernmental , non-governmental , governmental and other organizations that had been granted consultative status with the Organization . The review was ongoing and the results would be presented at the forthcoming session of the General Conference .
 The task force will be institutionalized as a standing mechanism to handle the documentation of the Fifth Committee at its successive sessions . The Central Planning and Coordination Service of the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management will continue to play a pivotal coordinating role throughout the process , including in the areas of advance planning ,   following   up on implementation , workload forecasting , scheduling of processing and reviewing lessons learned . Annex
 Mr. Sabone , who had recently informed the interim head of BONUCA of his readiness to end his movement 's rebellion , join the peace process and submit to disarmament , demobilization and reintegration , returned to Bangui on 31 May . It is important for the other rebel leaders to   follow   Mr. Sabone 's example and cease violence immediately , as called for by the Security Council . Meanwhile , President Boziz reportedly met with one of the two remaining rebel leaders , Mr. Miskine , on the margins of the Community of Sahel-Saharan States summit , held in Tripoli on 29 May , with a view to facilitating Mr. Miskine 's eventual return to Bangui to join the peace process .
 The Disarmament , Demobilization and Reintegration Adviser would serve as the focal point on disarmament , demobilization and reintegration issues in BINUCA and would , for that purpose , work in close collaboration with UNDP . He or she would   follow   up on the political aspects of the disarmament , demobilization and reintegration process and provide the necessary assistance to enable the Special Representative of the Secretary-General to discharge her functions as the Chairperson of the Disarmament , Demobilization and Reintegration Steering Committee . The Section would focus on supporting national authorities with the reform of the security sector .
 The Declaration was the result of more than two decades of consultation and dialogue among Governments and indigenous peoples from all regions and is a major victory in the long history of the United Nations developing international human rights standards . Under article 42 of the Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples , the United Nations , its bodies , including the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues , and specialized agencies , including at the country level , and States are expected to promote respect for and full application of the provisions of the Declaration and   follow   up the effectiveness of the Declaration . At its fifth session in 2006 , the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues requested the Coordinator for the Second International Decade to provide an annual report on the implementation of the Decade .
 -LRB- c -RRB- How prepared are countries in the Western Asian region to integrate solutions to address NCDs and injuries into their national health development plans ? In the moderator 's opening statement , Dr. Ala Alwan , Assistant Director-General , Non-communicable Diseases and Mental Health , WHO , stated that cardiovascular diseases were currently the leading cause of death globally ,   followed   by infectious and parasitic diseases , cancers , respiratory infections , respiratory diseases and unintentional injuries . An estimated 44 per cent of deaths from NCDs and 87 per cent of injuries occur in low-income countries before the age of 60 .
 UNICEF procurement for HIV/AIDS commodities totalled $ 68.7 million in 2008 . Antiretrovirals represented 81 per cent by value of the total commodities procured ,   followed   by HIV rapid diagnostic test kits -LRB- 16 per cent , or 12 million -RRB- and tests for sexually transmitted infections -LRB- 3 per cent -RRB- . Paediatric treatments still account for less than 5 per cent of antiretrovirals ; some 95 per cent of antiretrovirals procured in 2008 were for PMTCT .
 Let me reaffirm our gratitude to and solidarity with humanitarian actors whose safe , unhindered and timely access to the civilian population , in particular in times of armed conflict , is a fundamental condition for the fulfilment of their mandates and mission . We encourage humanitarian personnel on the ground to   follow   the principles of humanity , impartiality , neutrality and independence , and we call on the recipient countries to ensure their safety and security . We urge all countries that have not yet done so to sign and ratify the Convention on the Safety of United Nations and Associated Personnel and its Optional Protocol , and we invite the Secretary-General to further include their provisions in host country and other agreements .
 Further efforts should be made , and cooperation and understanding extended , to consolidate the peace that had been achieved . The Government of Burundi had shown commendable leadership in   following   up on the work of the Peacebuilding Commission , while BINUB had provided exemplary technical support , thereby restoring hope and confidence to what had been a war-torn country suffering from poverty , disease , ignorance and lawlessness , with its infrastructure in ruins . Those ills , which were found in other developing countries , could be counteracted through good governance .
 This information is required by CRIC to inform the review of implementation of the Convention and The Strategy . For the purpose of facilitating the work of CRIC and promoting evidence-based decision-making by COP , this information needs to be analysed and synthesized beforehand ,   following   agreed modalities and harmonized approaches . It also needs to be presented in a clear and well-articulated manner in order to allow country Parties to understand financial flows and identify issues and opportunities .
 This example illustrates that intellectual property does not exist in the abstract but rather is a legal right supported by a specific national legal system , which must of necessity be responsible for its recognition and enforcement against third parties within the borders of a national jurisdiction . Where grantor A , located in State X , grants a security right in a patent registered in the national patent office in State Y and then grantor A becomes insolvent , the law applicable to the creation , third-party effectiveness , priority and enforcement of the security right will be the law of State X or Y , depending on whether a grantor 's law approach or a lex protectionis approach is   followed   in the forum State . Under the Guide , the application of any of these laws is subject to the lex fori concursus with respect to issues such as avoidance , treatment of secured creditors , ranking of claims or distribution of proceeds -LRB- see recommendation 223 -RRB- .
 In the future for new projects no such time lag between PPG approval and Council PIF approval is expected .  Following   COP guidance , eligibility for NIP development was extended to countries signatories to the Stockholm Convention , or in the process of becoming a party to the same . http : //sgp.undp.org/index.cfm ? module=projects &amp; page=FocalArea &amp; FocalAreaID=POP
 Since this is still an Interim Report , there remain a number of limitations that Parties may wish the Task Force to address prior to the completion of the Final Report . The   following   text provides a review of three of these limitations together with a statement of the specific conclusions reached at this stage of the process . The following three limitations should be noted :
 Those decisions are reflected in recommendations of the Special Committee to the General Assembly -LRB- see chap . The Special Committee took into account the relevant resolutions and decisions of the Human Rights Council at its ninth session and continued to   follow   the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination . Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries , the African Union , the Caribbean Community and the Pacific Islands Forum on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely followed the work of these intergovernmental organizations .
 The Special Committee took into account the relevant resolutions and decisions of the Human Rights Council at its ninth session and continued to follow the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination . Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries , the African Union , the Caribbean Community and the Pacific Islands Forum on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of these intergovernmental organizations . Having regard to the relevant provisions of General Assembly resolutions 63/109 and 63/110 , the Special Committee continued to follow closely the activities of non-governmental organizations having a special interest in the field of decolonization -LRB- see A/AC.109/2009/18 and Corr.1 , and para. 19 above -RRB- .
 2 FCCC/SBI/2009/8 , paragraph 115 . 3 Decision 36/CMP.1 states that credentials from Parties to the Kyoto Protocol would apply for the participation of their representatives in sessions of the COP and the CMP , and that a single report on credentials would be submitted for approval ,   following   established procedures , by the Bureau of the COP to the COP and to the CMP . 4 FCCC/KP/AWG/2008/8 , paragraph 45 .
 Events reflected in the conference room paper spanned the range of initiatives required to reach the Millennium Development Goals ; some commitments were focused on advocacy and raising long-term awareness , while others related to major campaign initiatives to be launched in support of specific Millennium Development Goals . The Office is   following   up on the commitments , together with UNDP , and will present a report in 2010 on the status of these . In addition , the United Nations Office for Partnerships co-hosted a number of partnership events , including an event on China 's progress towards the Millennium Development Goals .
 The Inspectors were encouraged to see , in this context , that some United Nations system organizations have gone ahead in including support for Delivering as one and for enhancing system-wide coordination and cooperation , and coherence of the performance indicators which serve as a basis for evaluating and monitoring the implementation of their respective programmes in support of Africa . The Inspectors welcome these efforts , and call upon all United Nations system organizations to   follow   this example . It was further proposed that this alignment should also be reflected in the workplans and terms of reference of the respective staff working at each of the participating organizations in support of the RCM and its clusters - which is not the case in many organizations .
 The structure outlined below should be followed in each of the following sectoral chapters . The information should be reported   following   the IPCC sectors . Overview of sector -LRB- e.g. , quantitative overview and description -RRB-
 They are intended only to explain the changes that have been made to the draft recommendations , to facilitate discussion and to raise questions for consideration by the Working Group ; it is not intended that they would form part of the commentary . The numbering of the recommendations now   follows   on in sequence from the Legislative Guide . Numbers from the previous version of the recommendations -LRB- A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.82 and Addenda 1-3 -RRB- have been retained in square brackets for ease of reference and comparison .
 Concluding observations of the Committee against Torture The Committee considered the second periodic report of the Philippines -LRB- CAT/C/PHL/2 -RRB- at its 868th and 871st meetings -LRB- CAT/C/SR.868 and 871 -RRB- , held on 28 and 29 April 2009 , and adopted , at its 887th and 888th meetings -LRB- CAT/C/SR.887 and 888 -RRB- , the   following   concluding observations . Introduction
 OIA assesses and analyses the effectiveness and adequacy of UNICEF risk management , controls and governance processes through systematic and disciplined reviews at all levels within UNICEF . OIA   follows   the International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing established by the Institute of Internal Auditors -LRB- IIA -RRB- . OIA is responsible for conducting investigations into allegations of fraud , corruption and mismanagement in UNICEF , as well as of harassment and abuse of authority .
 Action by the General Assembly .  Following   discussions and suggestions from the Consultative Process at its fourth and fifth meetings , which have highlighted a number of gaps in knowledge with regard to marine ecosystems and biodiversity , in particular beyond areas of national jurisdiction , the General Assembly has consistently called upon States to improve understanding and knowledge of the deep sea , in particular the extent and vulnerability of deep-sea biodiversity and ecosystems , by increasing their marine scientific research activities in accordance with the Convention . Subsequent developments .
 The European Environment Agency pointed out that the 2008 European Union marine strategy framework directive transposed the ecosystem-based approach to the management of human activities , discussed at the Consultative Process in 2006 , into European Union legislation . The Helsinki Commission reported that the Baltic Sea Action Plan , adopted at its ministerial meeting in 2007 , had been widely heralded as a pilot project and a model to be   followed   in applying the large marine ecosystem approach to other regional seas . The Baltic Sea Action Plan included several measures which were linked to the priorities set by the Consultative Process , such as speedier ratification of international conventions , such as the 2004 International Convention for the Control and Management of Ships Ballast Water and Sediments ; developing a mutual plan for places of refuge between the Baltic Sea neighbouring countries , including issues relating to compensation and liability ; and enhanced contingency planning in which the emergency and response resources of the neighbouring countries are pooled together to assess their sufficiency .
 The main inductor of the inclusion of handicapped persons into the labor market is the Constitution of the Republic , which provides for positions in government service and the prohibition of any form of discrimination pertaining to the salary and criteria of admission of handicapped persons . There   followed   Law 8213/1991 , establishing the percentages of positions in relation to the company 's total number of employees , and Law 7853/1989 , establishing the national policy aimed at persons with disability , as well as Decree No. 3298/1999 , modified by Decree 5296/2004 that regulated , among other things , the form of access to labor relations . The 1988 Brazilian Constitution broke away from the patronage model prevailing until then and ensured the equality of opportunities based on the principle of equal treatment of equals and different treatment of the different in accordance with their difference , so as to guarantee actual equality .
 With regard to charges filed by the Ministry of Labor and Employment inspection service , 849 , 795 irregularities were detected in respect of health and safety at work , 80 , 964 more than in the previous year . Of this total , civil construction accounted for 242 , 427 charges filed ,   followed   by industry -LRB- 204 , 417 -RRB- and trade -LRB- 165 , 331 -RRB- . Ministry of Labor and Employment 's inspection activities play a determinant role in reducing the number of workers ' deaths and cases of temporary and permanent incapacity .
 A survey on Human Rights Perception in Brazil commissioned by the President 's Office 's Special Secretariat for Human Rights SEDH/PR , published in December 2008 , asked which kinds of violence should be combated on a priority basis . Of a list of nine types of violence , first place went to sexual abuse and exploitation of children and adolescents ,  with 67 per cent ,   followed   by domestic violence against children , adolescents , and the aged -LRB- 59 per cent -RRB- , and by violence against women -LRB- 44 per cent -RRB- . Moreover , out of a list of 18 Federal Government programs and policies , combating violence against women was considered the second most important according to 96 per cent of interviewees .
 Outputs 5.72 During the biennium , the   following   outputs will be delivered -LRB- regular budget -RRB- : -LRB- b -RRB- Conference services , administration , oversight : logistical support -LRB- transport , general services , communications and information technology -RRB- to substantive activities ; inter-agency and inter-mission support agreements -LRB- 5 -RRB- .
 The High Level Inter-sectoral Commission that defines the Government 's public policy on preventing the recruitment of children has produced a report of its first-year activities for the United Nations taskforce on this mechanism . Colombia also continues to work with the international community in   following   up on the implementation of the recommendations made by the OHCHR in 2008 . The delegation said Colombia had strengthened its fight against crime and all forms of violence ; that new legislation has been enacted and new practices to prevent violations by law enforcement officials have been developed , including public accountability for complaints received .
 Panama welcomed Colombia 's replies to questions and recommendations , congratulating the Government and civil society for the high quality review , which was open , with dialogue , responsibility and great commitment . Panama highlighted Colombia 's establishment of a procedure for   follow   up of recommendations accepted and the voluntary commitments undertaken . Panama was convinced that the UPR would become a practical instrument , serving to continually improve and inspire states like Colombia to design and implement mechanisms , enabling progress on the basis of the recommendations and by assessing national policies .
 My colleagues in the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs will also be consulting with members of the Council and other Member States to identify the most appropriate and effective means of ensuring follow-up to the recommendations in the report , in advance of the next open debate in November . In this context , I welcome the intention of the future Austrian presidency to give that debate ministerial attention , and I hope that other Security Council delegations will consider   following   this example as a sign of the seriousness with which the Council takes these issues and of its determination to achieve practical results . I thank you again , Sir , for organizing debate , and I thank all delegations for their contributions and attention .
 Annual real growth in the Economic Commission for Europe region in the three years prior to the beginning of the world economic and financial crisis -LRB- 2005-2007 -RRB- averaged 3.2 per cent , but this fell to half of that -LRB- 1.5 per cent -RRB- in 2008 and is forecast to fall to minus 3.5 per cent in 2009 , before recovering slightly to about 0.5 per cent in 2010 . Prior to the crisis , the growth pattern in the region had   followed   global trends , with the European emerging economies growing two to three times faster than the advanced economies in North America and Western Europe . To a significant degree , this growth was due to large capital inflows , which allowed the emerging economies to maintain investment at higher rates than would have been possible from relying solely on domestic savings .
 There have been several pricing disputes between the Russian Federation and Ukraine on the trans-shipment of gas to the European Union over the past several years that have resulted in the temporary closure of pipelines , creating serious shortages in the European Union . As a result of the effects of globalization , technological change , labour market reforms and less progressive tax structures , income inequality has been increasing in North America and Europe , especially in the economies that   follow   a more market-oriented model . The growth in the income of the richest 1 per cent or the richest 0.1 per cent has been particularly high -LRB- relative to average wage levels -RRB- over the past decade .
 The draft Notes are particularly useful with respect to matters that practitioners should consider when administering matters in respect of which there are concurrent administrations recognized under the Model Law . In general , the draft Notes provide excellent summaries of the relevant issues and assist judges and practitioners in   following   the development of the law in overseas jurisdictions . Australia notes that the introduction of the Model Law and the draft Notes signals a move away from the idea of a territorially confined administration .
 Victims in the criminal justice process The   following   categories of professionals were reported to receive specific training on how to help victims , including child victims and witnesses , deal with interviewing , questioning and cross-examination so as to avoid secondary victimization : -LRB- a -RRB- The police -LRB- Azerbaijan , El Salvador , Estonia , Finland , Greece , Ireland , Latvia , Lithuania , Mexico , Netherlands , Norway , Pakistan , Panama , Romania , Samoa , Spain , Sweden , United States and Zimbabwe -RRB- ;
 A three-year evaluation had been conducted on the implementation of that law . In recent months , a new system had been set up for monitoring and   following   up on perpetrators of gender violence , in order to improve victim protection , and programmes had been established to help victims find jobs and receive job training . Efforts would also be intensified to provide special training for professionals involved in victim assistance , especially male and female judges .
 In addition to the specialized police , training was provided for all members of the police forces . Sixty-five units on gender violence had been set up in the provinces to monitor and   follow   up on cases in their respective territories . Other special services for victims of gender violence included a single toll-free number  016  for the entire country , which provided information and free legal counsel seven days a week , 24 hours a day , for women who had suffered violence .
 Gender equality and the empowerment of women are essential for the comprehensive development of countries . Therefore , in order to realize women 's full potential for their wellbeing , and that of their family , community and society , the development and implementation of policies and programmes should provide women with the   following   : -LRB- a -RRB- access to health care , nutrition , education , justice and economic resources ; -LRB- b -RRB- economic and political empowerment and -LRB- c -RRB- safeguards and remedies against all forms of violence and abuses , including in armed conflict . Therefore , it is important to create and strengthen institutional mechanisms at the local , national and regional levels , with adequate human and financial resources , through adequate budgeting and appropriate mandate , for effective development and coordination of strategies , policies and programmes for women , and monitoring and evaluation of progress achieved .
 Resource constraints and a simplistic interpretation of the MoU by field officers are the main reasons why UNEP has not established enough environmental focal points in UNDP country offices . The Inspector noted with interest Guidelines for integrating disaster strategy for disaster reduction into CCA and UNDAF and Guiding principles : national platforms for disaster risk reduction as a possible best practice that can be   followed   . The Inspector is of the view that , as part of the CCA/UNDAF processes and in consultation with the relevant agencies and MEAs , the Secretary-General with the assistance of UNEP and UNDP should develop guidelines for establishing national and regional platforms and coordinating mechanisms to streamline compliance of Member States with MEAs so as to ensure the implementation of environmental protection and sustainable development policies and have the MoU between UNEP and UNDP revised accordingly .
 The approved text of the Safety Framework -LRB- A/AC.105/C.1/L.292/Rev.4 -RRB- was recommended to the Subcommittee for adoption . The Working Group emphasized that the Safety Framework , as a technical document , relied on and was consistent with the principle of responsibility of States set out in international treaties and principles , in particular in article VI of the 1967 Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space , including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies , in which the   following   is stated : States Parties to the Treaty shall bear international responsibility for national activities in outer space , including the moon and other celestial bodies , whether such activities are carried on by governmental agencies or by non-governmental entities , and for assuring that national activities are carried out in conformity with the provisions set forth in the present Treaty .
 The reports of civilians being attacked by Israeli forces are numerous , and some of these have been reported previously by a number of special rapporteurs . The present report wishes to highlight , in particular , the   following   reported cases . On 3 January , in the al Zaytoun area of Gaza City , Israeli soldiers approached a family house and shot the male head of the household while he had both hands in the air and his identity documents in one hand .
 In addition , it is proposed to establish four additional Administrative Assistants -LRB- 2 national General Service staff and 2 United Nations Volunteers -RRB- posts to support the Administrative Officers in the field offices in Iriba and Goz Beda -LRB- 2 in each location -RRB- and provide the capacity to cope up with the increased administrative requirements at the sector offices . Finally , it is proposed to establish one additional Administrative Officer -LRB- P-3 -RRB- to be deployed to Birao , as well as three additional Administrative Officer -LRB- Field Service -RRB- posts to be deployed to each of the Field Offices in Gurda , Koukou and Bahai , to ensure that all administrative procedures are established and   followed   in these area offices , and execute the Mission 's policies and instructions of the proposed Director of Mission Support at the area offices . Integrated Support Services
 Peaceful uses of nuclear energy The European Union calls on the international community to work to promote the   following   action plan with a view to ensuring a responsible development of peaceful uses of nuclear energy , in support of a successful Review Conference in 2010 : -LRB- a -RRB- Assisting countries to plan and assess their various energy needs ;
 In various interventions , the idea was put forward of limiting , in principle , the Commission 's work to two phases of a disaster situation : the disaster proper -LRB- response -RRB- and post-disaster -LRB- early recovery -RRB- , without prejudice as to the further consideration of issues of preparedness at the pre-disaster phase in the future . Finally , a rights-based approach to the topic was supported by various delegations , while some expressed doubts as to whether such was the correct path to be   followed   in this case . Similarly , while the relevance of a responsibility to protect still remained unclear for several delegations , some delegations considered that the Commission should not find itself prevented from considering that notion , should the logic of its undertaking propel it in that direction .
 ISDR in Geneva is currently working for increased awareness of the importance of disaster reduction as an integral component of sustainable development . In order to avoid unnecessary duplication of efforts , it seems reasonable to the Special Rapporteur that the Commission should at the present stage   follow   the efforts of ISDR on disaster prevention , leaving a risk-informed paradigm for later debates on disaster preparedeness . The dual nature of the protection of persons in the event of disasters
 In its unanimous judgment on the merits of 30 June 2005 the Grand Chamber of the Court held : In the present case it is not disputed that the act about which the applicant complained , the detention of the aircraft leased by it for a period of time , was implemented by the authorities of the respondent State on its territory   following   a decision to impound of the Irish Minister for Transport . In such circumstances the applicant company , as the addressee of the impugned act fell within the `jurisdiction ' of the Irish State , with the consequence that its complaint about that act is compatible ratione loci , personae and materiae with the provision of the Convention.
 2.5.12 Withdrawal of an interpretative declaration An interpretative declaration may be withdrawn at any time by the authorities competent for that purpose ,   following   the same procedure applicable to its formulation . 2.5.13 Withdrawal of a conditional interpretative declaration
 It was also observed that the scope of subsequent agreement and practice was in itself broad as it did not only cover treaty interpretation but also related aspects . According to another view , the approach to be   followed   by the Study Group should be considerably broader than the question of subsequent agreement and practice so as to cover a variety of issues concerning the relations between treaties and time . Some members were of the view that , in any event , it was not advisable to circumscribe from the outset the scope of the topic to the issue of subsequent agreement and practice .
 4.1 The Office of the Director-General is headed by a Chief who is accountable to the Director-General . 4.2 The core functions of the Office are as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- Assisting the Director-General in overall direction and management of the United Nations Office at Nairobi and coordinating functions within the Office ;
 They may also set up inquiries of various parties during which employers and employees may be accompanied by a person of their choice . The   following   are measures that protect women and children in particular : The social security agreements entered into with France on 28 February 1952 and with Italy on 11 October 1961 enable women who are employed in Monaco but domiciled in those neighbouring countries to enjoy the same social welfare and medical benefits provided by Monaco 's social welfare funds as residents of the Principality , and subsequently to draw a retirement pension in their country of residence .
 The panel should comprise well-respected academics from all over the world , representing all continents , including representatives of international social movements . The panel should be able to   follow   , analyse and assess long-term trends , key developments and major dynamics for global change affecting all peoples around the globe , identify problems in the global economic and financial architecture and provide options for coherent international action and recommendations for political decision-making processes . Agenda for systemic reforms
 Where it was found that average cassava yields are less than one fifth of the maximum yields recorded in the same region . When the limiting factors were isolated , soil fertility was found to be the key limiting factor ,   followed   by weeds and rainfall , with soil texture and pest and diseases last . This research contradicts accepted beliefs that cassava is tolerant to poor soil conditions and drought .
 The private sector should develop a greater sense of corporate social responsibility and ethics and fulfil its due obligations by supporting the efforts to uplift public-health awareness and literacy . Pharmaceutical companies , in particular , should strictly   follow   the rules and regulations and produce safe drugs accessible to and affordable by all the people . The mass media , by taking advantage of new technologies  especially information and communications technologies  for optimum mobilization and utilization of resources , should make the best of their special edge in publicity to bring more health knowledge to the people and make them more health-conscious .
 28D.8 The overall level of resources for the Office of Central Support Services for the biennium 2010-2011 amounts to $ 173 , 493 , 900 , reflecting a decrease of $ 1 , 594 , 600 , or 0.9 per cent , as compared with the revised technical appropriation for the biennium 2008-2009 . 28D.9 The overall decrease can be summarized as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- The net decrease of $ 2 , 500 under executive direction and management relating to non-post requirements on the basis of the pattern of past expenditures ;
 The Advisory Committee recognizes the value of quick-impact projects as a means , inter alia , of providing direct assistance to the local population in the Mission area . The Committee stresses that such projects should be coordinated with other United Nations agencies or international organizations and that operational guidelines should be   followed   . Other issues
 With respect to foundations , a meeting of about 20 heads and representatives of foundations from North America , Europe , the Middle East and Asia was held in Marrakech , Morocco , in February 2008 .  Following   a commitment made in Madrid , the group decided to create an International Network of foundations . Its objective will be to strengthen collaboration among foundations and with the Alliance , to develop joint initiatives in the field of intercultural understanding and cooperation , and to provide a platform for exchange of knowledge and information .
 Assistance will also be provided in improving the Committee 's cooperation with the administering Powers , maintaining contacts with the representatives of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and developing relations with the organizations and agencies of the United Nations system aimed at achieving further progress in decolonization and bringing a complete end to colonialism . Supportive actions will include closely   following   the developments in the Non-Self-Governing Territories , conducting research and preparing working papers , reports and analytical and briefing materials . In addition , in cooperation with the Department of Public Information , information material , including publications and audio and visual programmes related to decolonization , will be prepared and disseminated to a wide audience , with a view to increasing the awareness of the international community with regard to the decolonization issues as well as in mobilizing international support for the achievement of the complete eradication of colonialism .
 -LRB- d -RRB- Strengthening cooperation within the United Nations system at the regional and subregional levels for the protection and promotion of human rights , including interaction between OHCHR programmes in the field and relevant United Nations human rights mechanisms ; -LRB- e -RRB-   Following   human rights developments to assist the Human Rights Council and other United Nations policymaking bodies as well as treaty-monitoring bodies in engaging in a dialogue with countries in the implementation of their respective mandates and ensuring efficient and effective functioning of the country-specific special procedures of the Human Rights Council . Subprogramme 4
 22.14 The World Conference on Disaster Reduction adopted the Hyogo Framework for Action 2005-2015 : Building the Resilience of Nations and Communities to Disasters -LRB- see A/CONF.206/6 and Corr.1 -RRB- , setting out strategic goals , priorities of action and implementation and follow-up activities within the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction system . The focus of the subprogramme is to meet the expected outcome of the Hyogo Framework for Action ,   following   a twofold strategy to achieve its objective concurrent with the focus of activities undertaken with the two participating organizations , namely , the secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction and the United Nations Development Programme -LRB- UNDP -RRB- . 22.15 The International Strategy for Disaster Reduction secretariat will continue to act as a facilitating and coordination body on disaster risk reduction in respect of policy development , advocacy , strategic information and knowledge management , regional support and resource mobilization .
 The expected accomplishments , respective indicators of achievement and strategy are subject to revision pending the decision of the General Assembly on the proposals presented in paragraphs 79 and 89 of the report of the Secretary-General on an accountability framework , enterprise risk management and internal control framework , and results-based management framework -LRB- see A/62/701 -RRB- .  Following   the normal format , a strategy paragraph is included after the log frame . However , in the case of the Joint Inspection Unit , none was provided .
 It is part of our training mission to make these documents and resolutions known ; moreover , all staff know the applicable law and the conduct that the United Nations expects from its peacekeepers in this sphere . Specific courses are offered   following   the United Nations Standardized Generic Training Modules . And at present the training institute is completely updating its entire curriculum in accordance with the new United Nations training module , the Core Pre-Deployment Training Materials .
 We are also gratified by its work in terms of assistance , and we hope that the requests by some Member States will meet with a response from the countries or organizations that are in a position to provide such assistance . Mexico believes the Committee should quickly   follow   up on those requests . My delegation considers that the comprehensive review of the implementation of resolution 1540 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- will be an excellent opportunity to explore any areas that remain to be addressed in its implementation and will provide specific recommendations to rectify them .
 The overview of technical assistance needs depicted in figure XV shows that legal advice and model legislation -LRB- 20 per cent and 19 per cent , respectively -RRB- are the forms of technical assistance most needed to implement the 15 articles of the Convention surveyed through the existing self-assessment checklist . This is   followed   by assistance in legislative drafting and site visits by anti-corruption experts -LRB- 17 and 14 per cent , respectively -RRB- . Assistance in the formulation of action plans for implementation -LRB- 12 per cent -RRB- , followed by other country-specific forms of assistance -LRB- 7 per cent -RRB- , are the least requested .
 The Law on the Council of Public Prosecutor 's regulates the composition and competences of the Council of Public Prosecutors . This Council appoints and dismisses Public Prosecutors   following   a strictly prescribed procedure and criteria . The Council of Public Prosecutors was established in 2008 in accordance with the above referred to legal provisions .
 ii -RRB- Follow-up and consultation in implementation of the World Programme Action for Youth Finnish Youth Co-operation Allianssi has been   following   the implementation of the World Programme Action for Youth and the Convention of the Rights of the Child in Finland . Both of these agreements are the basis of our work .
 Drawing attention to the concept paper on UN-Habitat country-level activities , as contained in document HSP/GC/22/2/Add.7 , the representative of the secretariat pointed out that such activities were central to the organization 's work .  Following   a combined needs-based and commitment-based approach , 26 priority countries showing a strong commitment to the development of sustainable settlements and improvement of housing had been identified for the implementation of country programmes . It was hoped that that number would eventually increase to 40 .
 The name drawn was Cambodia . The other countries will   follow   in the English alphabetical order and the same order will be observed in the Main Committees . E. Schedule of meetings
 The General Committee may wish to draw the attention of the General Assembly to resolutions 48/264 and 55/285 , in which the Assembly emphasized that restraint should be exercised in making requests for new reports and requested more integrated reports , and to resolution 57/270 B , in which it recognized the need to avoid requesting duplicative reports from the Secretary-General . The General Committee may also wish to draw the   following   to the attention of the General Assembly :  Resolutions should contain requests for observations from States or reports by the Secretary-General insofar as they are likely to facilitate the implementation of the resolutions or the continued examination of the question -LRB- resolution 45/45 , annex , para. 10 -LRB- A/520/Rev.17 , annex VII , para .
 Special conferences The General Committee may wish to draw the attention of the General Assembly to the   following   :  The Committee on Conferences recommended that the General Assembly should instruct the Main Committees to review the number of special conferences of the United Nations already proposed and scheduled in their respective fields of activity prior to deciding upon the scheduling of new and additional special conferences , thus bearing in mind the relevant portions of General Assembly resolution 33/55 -LRB- recommendation 6 of the Committee on Conferences , adopted by the Assembly in decision 34/405 , para. -LRB- b -RRB- -RRB- .
 The Inspectors consider that this recommendation is work in progress . It is suggested that the list of countries , which are either unrepresented or underrepresented within the Office , be updated annually and submitted to the Office of Human Resources Management -LRB- OHRM -RRB- so that it may be taken into consideration when programming future National Competitive Examinations -LRB- NCE -RRB- and used to   follow   progress. -LRB- para . The report also stated that the NCE has not helped to redress the geographical imbalance issue .
 The fuel task force is responsible for reviewing subsidies and recommending to the Government the levels that will ensure that the price of fuel -LRB- especially kerosene , used by most of the lower-income population -RRB- remains affordable . In the Solomon Islands , Government agriculture policy has increased emphasis on food security. A two-pronged strategy has been   followed   . First , actions were taken to ensure that sustainable production of traditional staple food crops would keep pace with the growing population .
 The Bush Administration 's contempt for the Organization was clear , as , at the end of October 2008 , 185 out of the 192 Member States had called for an end to the criminal actions of the United States of America . His delegation , which   followed   developments in the Organization 's financial situation extremely closely , and believed that the Organization 's ability to take effective action was directly proportional to the resources available for such action , was surprised and outraged at the offhand treatment of the 2 per cent cut in the budget for the biennium 2008-2009 and the realignment of expenditure in the budget for the biennium 2010-2011 . The explanations provided in informal consultations were absurd and unacceptable .
 UNOCI human rights officers documented eight cases of forced marriage . They referred victims of sexual violence to specialized centres for medical and psychological assistance , systematically prompted families to file complaints with the police and closely   followed   cases with law-enforcement officials to ensure that protective measures were effectively taken . During the reporting period , UNOCI conducted awareness-raising activities on human rights , targeting 16 , 090 people , to strengthen national capacities and address existing gaps .
 Human rights and counter-terrorism The HR Committee was concerned in 2002 about possible negative effects of new legislation adopted   following   Security Council resolution 1373 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and practices on asylum-seekers , including by `` removing the immigration risk offshore '' , and in the absence of monitoring mechanisms with regard to the expulsion of those suspected of terrorism to their countries of origin which , despite assurances that their human rights would be respected , could pose risks to the personal safety and lives of the persons expelled . The HR Committee requested that New Zealand ensure that the definition of terrorism does not lead to abuse and is in conformity with the Covenant .
 Designated Committee members Jos Bengoa Cabello and Purificacin Valera Quisumbing to follow the work of the Social Forum , which will meet on 31 August 2009 , and brief the Committee at its fourth session on issues of relevance to the work of the Committee ; Also designated the members Mona Zulficar and Miguel Alfonso Martnez to   follow   the work of the Forum on Minority Issues and the work of the Expert Mechanism of Indigenous Peoples , respectively , which will meet in August and September 2009 , and to brief the Committee on issues of relevance to its work at its fourth session . 8th meeting
 Recalling article 42 of the Declaration , which states : The United Nations , its bodies , including the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues , and specialized agencies , including at the country level , and States shall promote respect for and full application of the provisions of this Declaration and   follow   up the effectiveness of this Declaration ; Having decided to include in future sessions an agenda item titled United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples ;
 For example , how can the Permanent Forum ensure that the Declaration is incorporated into its own recommendations on the six substantive mandated areas of its work , as well as its work under the special theme for each session and its ongoing themes and priorities ?  How might the Permanent Forum best promote respect for and full application of the Declaration , and   follow   up on its effectiveness through its own research -LRB- for example , through its practice of appointing Permanent Forum members as special rapporteurs to conduct selected studies or research -RRB- ? What types of research would best contribute to the implementation of the Declaration -LRB- for example , country-specific studies , implementation guides , compilations of best practices -RRB- ?
 The role of traditional chiefs in the reconciliation process as Liberia 's unifying strength was underlined in July , with the official opening of a new headquarters in Monrovia for the National Traditional Council of Liberia . In the meantime , the start of Mr. Taylor 's defence in July in The Hague , where he is on trial in connection with war crimes perpetrated in Sierra Leone , is being   followed   in Liberia . Of particular interest is his testimony regarding the role that various public officials played during the Liberian civil war .
 E. Management of natural resources The Kimberley Process conducted a review in June , to   follow   up on the recommendations it made in 2008 . Three permanent regional offices of the Government Diamond Office to support diamond registration and certification have been included in the budget of the Ministry of Lands , Mines and Energy for 2009/10 .
 Such an approach requires strategic information -LRB- know your epidemic -RRB- , resources and a long-term sustained effort , and not many countries have as yet embarked on a combination approach . Yet evidence from Namibia shows that ,   following   a combination of HIV prevention approaches , levels of knowledge about HIV and condom use rose and declines were documented in the proportion of people reporting sex before the age of 15 , as well as the percentage of people having more than one sex partner . Prevention programmes need to be based on local , rather than just national realities .
 The Joint Inspection Unit statute provides for three main documents to be used as vehicles for results-based management purposes : the programme of work -LRB- article 9 -RRB- , the budget -LRB- article 20 -RRB- and the annual report -LRB- article 10 -RRB- . The Unit submits the programme of work and the annual report directly to the General Assembly , while its budget is included in the United Nations regular budget and its consideration   follows   a separate procedure -LRB- see article 20 -RRB- , in particular because the expenditures of the Unit are shared by the participating organizations . Since the United Nations Secretariat submits its programme and related budget in a single document and the Joint Inspection Unit uses two documents , the introduction of results-based management in the Unit should be treated as a special case ; the Unit 's programme of work presents expected results and associated indicators for the Unit , while the proposed programme budget sets out the expected results of the secretariat of the Unit .
 Latvia was pleased at Vanuatu 's announcement extending a standing invitation to special procedures of the Human Rights Council . Latvia invited other countries to   follow   this commendable example . With regard to the promotion and protection of human rights of women and children , Malaysia asked if Vanuatu could elaborate on whether it would be in a position to take on board the recommendations of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women and the Committee on the Rights of the Child , specifically those stated in pages 4 and 5 of the compilation report .
 Commission on Sustainable Development The Council elected the   following   17 Member States for a three-year term beginning at the first meeting -LRB- held in 2010 -RRB- of the Commission 's nineteenth session and expiring at the close of the Commission 's twenty-first session , in 2013 : Algeria , Bahamas , Belarus , Benin , Cte d'Ivoire , Denmark , France , Kazakhstan , Latvia , Malaysia , Mongolia , Netherlands , Norway , Panama , Peru , Thailand and Togo . The Council also elected Luxembourg and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to fill outstanding vacancies on the Commission for a term beginning on the date of election and expiring at the close of the Commission 's twentieth session , in 2012 .
 The adverse impact of those factors on economic growth was tempered to some extent by improved security conditions in West Bank cities , as well as donor budgetary assistance that was higher than expected . The government of Prime Minister Fayyad continued to   follow   a strict government employment policy , freezing wage increases and improving payments of utility bills . The public financial management system was further strengthened .
 Ms. Escobedo -LRB- Guatemala -RRB- said that although concerns had been raised , an emergency contraception kit had been put into use in some , but not all , health centres . It could not be used without training and protocols for treatment of rape victims must be   followed   . Sex education and abortion were very difficult subjects in Guatemalan society and there was little flexibility in the positions taken on both sides of those issues .
 Commission for Social Development , United Nations Headquarters , New York : forty-fourth , forty-fifty and forty-sixth sessions . Attended the meetings , participated in the dialogues regarding women and development ,   followed   the general discussions , participated in parallel events and engaged in constructive dialogue with delegates in order to further advance women 's rights and development . An important area of work was to mainstream gender perspective in the global framework of development , linking key thematic areas such as decent work , social inclusion and other concepts to women and development .
 Labour Employers in the Territory must   follow   federal and territorial labour laws , such as those regulating minimum wages , occupational health and safety standards and payment of Social Security tax and unemployment insurance . The minimum hourly wage reached $ 6.55 in July 2008 .
 G. Quick-impact projects The estimated resource requirements for quick-impact projects for the period from 1 July 2009 to 30 June 2010 , compared to previous periods , are as   follows   : -LRB- Thousands of United States dollars -RRB-
 The Office continued its efforts to galvanize support for the arrest of suspects sought by the Court . With a view to cutting off the supply and support network of the suspects , the Office   followed   up on its requests to a number of States for information on those providing the Lord 's Resistance Army with supplies and encouraged States to take action to deter such support . On 13 July 2009 , the Prosecutor travelled to Kampala and met with Yoweri Museveni , President of Uganda ; Amama Mbabazi , Minister for Security ; Crispus Kiyonga , Minister of Defence ; Oryem Okello , Minister of State for International Affairs ; and Kiddu Makubuya , Attorney-General .
 On each occasion , the Lebanese Armed Forces acted in accordance with the ban on hunting and the carrying of weapons in the area of operations and arrested a number of hunters . UNIFIL immediately   followed   up on all alleged incidents of weapons fire in its area of operations . The Government of Israel maintains that Hizbullah is continuing to build its military presence and capacity , largely north of the Litani River , but also in the UNIFIL area of operations , using , in particular , private houses in urban areas .
 Article 7.2 bis. Each Party not included in Annex I , which has elected to make a commitment inscribed in Annex BI shall incorporate in its national communication , submitted under Article 12 of the Convention , the supplementary information necessary to demonstrate compliance with its commitments under this Protocol , to be determined in accordance with paragraph 4 below . The   following   paragraph shall be inserted after Article 7 paragraph 3 of the Protocol : Article 7.3 bis. Each Party not included in Annex I , which has elected to make a commitment inscribed in Annex BI shall submit the information required under paragraph 1 above annually , beginning with the first inventory due under the Convention for the first year of the commitment period after for which the Party not included in Annex I , has elected to make a commitment inscribed in Annex BI .
 Article 17.2. The Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to this Protocol shall ensure that a share of the proceeds from the issuance of assigned amount units is used to cover administrative expenses as well as to assist developing country Parties that are particularly vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change to meet the costs of adaptation . The   following   paragraph shall be inserted after Article 18 of the Protocol and the first paragraph of Article 18 shall be called Article 18.1 : Article 18.2. In accordance with Article 18 , paragraph 1 above , the procedures and mechanisms relating to compliance under the Kyoto Protocol as adopted by the Conference of Parties serving as the meeting of Parties by decision 27/CMP.1 shall apply .
 b The mandate of UNMEE was terminated effective 31 July 2008 . The reasons for variances in the number of posts proposed for the 2009/10 period as compared to 2008/09 approved posts are as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- In MINURSO , establishment of one new international post as a property disposal assistant to clear large inventories of unserviceable equipment , one new national post to provide clerical/secretarial support in the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General , and the conversion of one national temporary position to post to maintain the Mission 's electronic archiving system ;
 -LRB- c -RRB- Follow-up to Advisory Committee recommendation 1/11 In its recommendation 1/11 , the Advisory Committee designated Mr. Bengoa and Ms. Quisumbing to   follow   the work of the Social Forum . At the second session , Mr. Bengoa briefed the Committee accordingly .
 Currently , the Engineering Section comprises one Civil Engineer Water and Sanitation Specialist who is heavily involved in the management of system contracts for water purification and wastewater equipment in existing missions . The evolving technology in these areas requires the engineer to   follow   up with trends and development of a new scope of requirement for the above-mentioned equipment . With the establishment of UNAMID and MINURCAT and a potential mission in Somalia , the capacity to perform mission water planning support is limited .
 All staff in the Section are more than fully occupied with their most pressing or immediate tasks . These include servicing clients in peacekeeping operations by processing insurance applications for new and reappointed staff , communications with clients -LRB- staff members , their family members and administrative offices -RRB- , responding to queries ,   following   up on the status of claims and processing of Mission Insurance Plan hardship cases . The increase in the number of peacekeeping staff has a direct impact on the workload of the Section -LRB- see table in para .
 International migrants will account for about 10 per cent of the population of developed countries , but for just 1.4 per cent of that of developing countries in 2010 . Europe is expected to host the highest share of international migrants -LRB- 33 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by Asia -LRB- 28 per cent -RRB- , Northern America -LRB- 24 per cent -RRB- , Africa -LRB- 9 per cent -RRB- , Latin America and the Caribbean and Oceania -LRB- 3 per cent each -RRB- . High-income countries are expected to host 62 per cent of all international migrants .
 The 1996 London Protocol , which entered into force in 2006 , is intended to modernize the Convention and , eventually , replace it . The Protocol   follows   a more restrictive approach than the Convention , since it prohibits the dumping of any wastes or other matter with the exception of those listed in annex I -LRB- art . Theoretically , these legal instruments would prohibit the deliberate disposal of hazardous wastes present on end-of-life ships into the marine environment , but their applicability to wastes from decommissioned ships is debated .
 Bhutan features among the low HIV/AIDS prevalence states -LRB- 0.2 per cent -RRB- and exhibits a generalized epidemic pattern . The most common route of transmission is the heterosexual route -LRB- 87 % -RRB-   followed   by mother-to-child transmission -LRB- 10 % -RRB- and intravenous drug use -LRB- 2 % -RRB- . HIV infection has been reported in all groups .
 We encourage the country 's authorities to continue their policy of dialogue and openness vis--vis the rebel groups , with the aim of involving them in the process of pacifying the country . The cooperation agreement signed in June by Ahlu Sunna Wal Jama'a is an important step forward , and we invite the other armed groups to   follow   that example . We take note of the efforts under way to revitalize the High Level Committee responsible for the coordination and application of the Djibouti Agreement .
 World Customs Organization The Commission heard of the continued interest of WCO in collaborating with UNCITRAL through the Joint Legal Task Force -LRB- see para. 337 above -RRB- as a means of providing a road map for potential single window users to   follow   when creating a legally enabling environment . WCO indicated its intention to continue doing its best to obtain strong member involvement in analysing the policy , operational and procedural contexts of single window facilities and providing strategic guidance to prospective single window stakeholders .
 The Mission further projects that , as at 1 July 2009 , its assets holdings would comprise 18 , 367 items of inventory valued at approximately $ 62.6 million . Information was also provided on the status of disposal of assets by groups of categories , used for inventory management purposes , as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- Group I : since July 2008 , 85 items of inventory have been transferred to other Missions .
 Since various elements of the project were not yet fully in place , its cost should be closely monitored to prevent unnecessary escalation . There were still shortcomings in the implementation of results-based budgeting ; in particular , the guidelines had not been strictly   followed   , indicators of achievement were not always stated in clear and measurable terms , and the collection processes for evidence to support achievement of objectives must be enhanced . There was room for improvement in fleet and rations management , air operations , information and communication technology -LRB- ICT -RRB- and , in particular , procurement and contract management .
 The use of commitment authority should be restricted to providing urgent financing for the start-up of a new mission or the expansion of an existing mission , before establishing a detailed budget or organizational structure . Assessment should instead   follow   the normal procedure , in which the General Assembly first considered a complete and fully justified budget proposal and approved an appropriation . With regard to civilian personnel issues , the Advisory Committee noted that General Assembly resolution 63/250 on human resources management would have far-reaching effects , placing staff in peacekeeping operations on an equal footing with those at headquarters duty stations and therefore helping to develop a flexible global workforce and to address long-standing recruitment and retention problems .
 To authorize the Secretariat of the League of Arab States to make the necessary contacts with the Government of Eritrea and the African Union to address the situation , ease tensions and put an end to the border confrontation between the Republic of Djibouti and Eritrea ; To express its gratitude to the Secretary-General of the League of Arab States for his efforts to   follow   up on the issue and his timely dispatch of a fact-finding mission to the Ras Doumeira region from 9 to 11 May 2008 . Annex IV
 The Committee recommends that the State party consult widely with organizations of civil society working in the area of human rights protection , in particular in combating racial discrimination , in connection with the preparation of the next periodic report . In accordance with article 9 , paragraph 1 , of the Convention and rule 65 of the its amended rules of procedure , the Committee requests the State party to provide , within one year , information on the way it has   followed   up on the recommendations contained in paragraphs 8 , 13 , 18 and 20 above . The Committee invites the State party to regularly update its core document in accordance with the harmonized guidelines on reporting under the international human rights treaties , in particular those on the common core document , as adopted by the fifth inter-Committee meeting of the human rights treaty bodies held in June 2006 -LRB- HRI/GEN/2/Rev.4 -RRB-
 Table 2 : Significant oversight issues by risk areas in the audited country offices* The significant oversight issues identified from DOS headquarters engagements conducted during the last two years are summarized as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- under the category of people risk -- partial organizational succession plan and human resource review , key controls for payroll functions not documented and corporate payroll changes not always reconciled ; and -LRB- b -RRB- under the category of information technology risk -- improper delegation of authority of Atlas access . Follow-up of recommendations
 An opening statement was made by the Moderator . Presentations were made by the   following   panellists : Ahmed Djoghlaf , Executive Secretary , Convention on Biological Diversity ; Hillary Masundire , Chair , Commission on Ecosystem Management , World Conservation Union ; Magnus Ngoile , Director-General , National Environment Management Council , United Republic of Tanzania ; Jorge Mario Rodrguez , Director , National Forestry Financing Fund , Costa Rica ; and Dane Gobin , Director-General , Iwokrama International Centre for Rainforest Conservation and Development of Guyana . A statement was made by Anna Tibaijuka , Executive Director of UN-Habitat , as lead discussant .
 In the course of the inquiry , OIOS could not substantiate misconduct reports against 29 contingent members but recommended that the concerned troop-contributing country further investigate reports against 32 other contingent members .  Following   OIOS recommendations , the Department of Field Support referred the case to the concerned troop-contributing country for appropriate action ; however , to date , no response has been received by the Department . In UNMIL , OIOS substantiated reports that four members of a military contingent sexually exploited 17 local females , including six minors .
 At its forty-first session in 2008 , the Commission requested the Secretariat to continue to follow closely legal developments in the relevant areas , with a view to making appropriate suggestions in due course . Accordingly , the Secretariat has continued to   follow   technological developments and new business models in the area of electronic commerce that may impact international trade . The use of single windows in international trade : policy considerations and legal issues
 Calls upon the Secretary-General to develop a set of benchmarks for the transition of UNIPSIL into a United Nations country team presence , taking into account those already agreed upon by the government and the United Nations in the Joint Vision for Sierra Leone , and the particular challenges involved in preparing for the 2012 elections , to keep these under active review , and regularly report on progress to the Security Council ; Emphasizes that the Government of Sierra Leone bears primary responsibility for peacebuilding , security and long-term development in the country , and encourages the Government of Sierra Leone to continue the implementation of the Agenda for Change , the Peacebuilding Commission to   follow   actively developments and mobilize international support as needed , and existing as well as potential new international donors to provide support to the Government ; Calls upon the Government of Sierra Leone , UNIPSIL and all other stakeholders in the country to increase their efforts to promote good governance , including through continued measures to combat corruption , improve accountability , promote the development of the private sector to generate wealth and employment opportunities , intensify efforts against drug trafficking and strengthen the judiciary and promote human rights , including through implementation of the recommendations of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and sustaining support to the National Human Rights Commission ;
 The task of deciding on specific restrictions , after having obtained general permission from a court , is assigned to an individual prosecutor . In the same way as a judge , the prosecutor has a responsibility , and ultimately a criminal liability , to   follow   the regulations and instructions in this field . The prosecutor 's independence is limited by the possibility for a superior prosecutor -LRB- the Prosecutor-General , a director of public prosecution or a deputy director of public prosecution -RRB- to reassess a prosecutor 's decision .
 Re-exports constitute a high proportion of Guam 's exports , which include petroleum products , iron and steel scrap , automobiles and tobacco and cigars , among others . The latest available data from the Guam Bureau of Statistics and Plans show that , between July and December 2008 , the largest buyer of Guam 's exported goods was Japan -LRB- 23.41 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by Germany -LRB- 19.59 per cent -RRB- and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China -LRB- 16.91 per cent -RRB- . In June 2008 , key partners for Guam 's imports were the United States -LRB- 57.17 per cent -RRB- , Italy -LRB- 7.27 per cent -RRB- and France -LRB- 7.21 per cent -RRB- .
 It served as vice-chair at the Durban Conference , held in South Africa in 2001 , and contributed to the drafting of its final outcome documents . Azerbaijan has closely   followed   the work of the Intergovernmental Working Group on the effective implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action and takes an active part in the work of the Preparatory Committee for the Durban Review Conference , which is scheduled to take place from 20 to 24 April 2009 . At the substantive session of the Economic and Social Council in 2004 , in line with its strong commitment to the promotion of gender equality and the advancement of women , Azerbaijan , as a member of the Bureau of the Council , successfully facilitated the consultations and adoption , without a vote , of resolution 2004/4 , entitled Review of Economic and Social Council agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming the gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system .
 The following information regards the cooperation of Azerbaijan with the human rights treaty monitoring bodies : -LRB- a -RRB- Azerbaijan has already fulfilled the implementation of the recommendations contained in the concluding observations of the Committee on the Rights of the Child on the second periodic report of the Government under the Convention on the Rights of the Child and ,   following   the Committee 's recommendation , established the Republican Coordinating Council dealing with children under the auspices of the State Committee for Family , Women and Children 's Affairs in 2007 ; -LRB- b -RRB- The combined second and third periodic report to the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women was submitted in January 2007 and the Government of Azerbaijan continues to implement the recommendations contained in the concluding observations of the Committee ;
 The Ministers stressed that the ceiling is the main distortionary element of the scale of assessments , affecting the principle of capacity to pay and noted with concern that despite the arrangement to reduce the ceiling from 25 % to 22 % in 2000 as a compromise , the major contributor is far from honoring its commitment to pay all its arrears . In this context , the Ministers urged the General Assembly to undertake a review of this arrangement , in accordance with paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 55/5 C. Consistent with and guided by the afore-mentioned principled positions and affirming the need to defend , preserve and promote these positions , the Ministers agreed to reiterate the   following   measure , among others : 97.1 Urge all UN Member States in arrears , in particular the major contributing States , to settle their outstanding dues without further delay and to pay their future assessments in full , on time and without imposing preconditions in accordance with the Charter and relevant General Assembly resolutions , mindful at the same time of the special situation faced by some developing countries that hamper their ability to pay their assessed contributions .
 The ministers called upon all states and international organizations to provide all forms of support and assistance to meet Iraq 's needs . The Ministers welcomed the commitment of the Paris Club to substantially reduce Iraq 's foreign debts and urge the other creditors to   follow   suit . The Ministers reiterated the importance of enhancing the Iraqi process of national dialogue and reconciliation , and of ensuring broad participation in all political processes , achieve unity , social peace , security and to put an end to sectarian violence .
 They reiterated that it is imperative that concerted actions be undertaken at the national , regional and international levels to address this challenge in an effective and timely manner . The Ministers highlighted the organisation of the Meeting of NAM Ministers of Health , held 21 May 2008 , in Geneva , Switzerland , and expressed their support to the outcome documents adopted therein and their determination and commitment to fully implement their decisions and recommendations and consistently   follow   up on these issues related to Migration and Training Qualified Health Personnel , Diseases disproportionately affecting developing countries , and Responsible practices at the international level for sharing of avian influenza viruses and ensuring benefits sharing in ways that would protect the interest of developing countries . The Ministers called for an active participation in the next Meeting of NAM Ministers of Health , which will be held in May 2009 , in Geneva , Switzerland , within the framework of the 62nd General Assembly of the World Health Organization .
 was found guilty of killing a man in 2005 , when he was aged 16 . On 14 February 2008 , the Government informed me that the judicial system , on the basis of human considerations , had entered the case into conciliation process and was seriously   following   it with the hope for final settlement . Therefore , carrying out the penalty was not in its programme of work -LRB- A/HRC/8/3/Add.1 , p. 223 -RRB- .
 It is notable that only 10 developing countries have been receiving two thirds of total forest ODA , while no funding has been reported for about 30 countries .  South and South-East Asia have the highest donor presence ,   followed   by Central and South America . On the other hand , Africa as a whole and Western and Central Asia have relatively low levels of donor financing for forests .
 Decision 22/1 Provisional agenda of the twenty-third session of the Governing Council of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme The Governing Council decided that the provisional agenda of its twenty-third session would be as   follows   : Opening of the session .
 It is estimated that developing countries spent $ 18.5 billion for population activities in 2007 . The largest amount was mobilized in Asia -LRB- $ 11.2 billion -RRB- ,   followed   by sub-Saharan Africa -LRB- $ 3 billion -RRB- , Latin America and the Caribbean -LRB- $ 2.6 billion -RRB- , Eastern and Southern Europe -LRB- $ 922 million -RRB- and Western Asia and Northern Africa -LRB- $ 839 million -RRB- . Domestic expenditures are estimated to have increased to $ 19.6 billion in 2008 and they are projected to further increase to $ 20.5 billion in 2009 .
 The Conference agreed on a series of measures to address the current crisis and prevent future crises . The General Assembly will   follow   up on various issues through an ad hoc open-ended working group . Prospects for recovery
 In order to determine whether these actions amount to discrimination or not , a case-by-case analysis is necessary . Second , it   follows   from the definition provided by article 2 -LRB- 2 -RRB- that any distinction , exclusion , restriction or preference based on religion or belief having as its purpose or as its effect nullification or impairment of the recognition , enjoyment or exercise of human rights and fundamental freedoms on an equal basis constitutes discrimination . Hence , not all forms of distinction , exclusion , restriction or preference amount to discrimination ; some may in fact be used in the context of special temporary measures or affirmative action , aiming at the elimination of conditions which cause or help to perpetuate discrimination , including on grounds of religion or belief .
 Regional funding During the reporting period , sub-Saharan Africa received the highest percentage of funding -LRB- 57.4 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by Asia and the Caucasus -LRB- 26.1 per cent -RRB- , Latin America and the Caribbean -LRB- 9.0 per cent -RRB- and the Middle East -LRB- 7.5 per cent -RRB- . Within sub-Saharan Africa , some $ 100 million was allocated to crises in East Africa and the Horn of Africa , approximately one fourth of all grants allocated by the Central Emergency Response Fund .
 Methodology In accordance with the internal standards and guidelines of JIU and its internal working procedures , the methodology   followed   in preparing this report included a detailed desk review , questionnaires , interviews and in-depth analysis . The Inspectors , through interviews in person and by videoconferences , sought the views of over 50 ICT managers within the United Nations system organizations in various duty stations .
 Letter dated 10 December 2007 from Ms. Condoleezza Rice , Secretary of State of the United States of America , to the President of the Security Council Having reviewed the request of the Government of Iraq to extend the mandate of the Multinational Force -LRB- MNF -RRB- in Iraq and   following   consultations with the Government of Iraq , I am writing to confirm , consistent with this request , that MNF under unified command stands ready to continue to fulfil its mandate as set out in Security Council resolution 1546 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and extended by Security Council resolutions 1637 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and 1723 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . Together , the Government of Iraq and MNF in Iraq combat the challenges that threaten Iraq 's security and stability through a security partnership that has continued to improve and that has resulted in progress in the past year .
 A short overview is provided of the systems and processes that UNDP has put in place at different levels to follow up on management responses and use evaluation findings to support learning and a culture of results . The summary assessments provided in the annex were prepared by the relevant bureaux/units to illustrate where progress has been made in   following   up on management responses and where further action is needed . Statistical overview
 The Special Rapporteur recommends that treaty bodies and special procedures mandate holders make use of the recommendations stemming from the UPR process with regard to human rights defenders , and raise them with countries concerned during country visits or examinations of reports . The Special Rapporteur further suggests that treaty bodies especially   follow   up on recommendations rejected by the State under review , in cases where such rejected recommendations run counter to previous recommendations issued by treaty bodies , or the treaty obligations of the State . The outcome report could potentially include an analysis of the compilations of United Nations information and the summaries of stakeholder information .
 We await the report of the Board of Inquiry dispatched to Gaza by the Secretary-General . We call for immediate action to   follow   up the findings of the Board 's investigation and for the immediate dispatch of the fact-finding mission called for by the Human Rights Council as recently called for in Geneva by the non-aligned countries . The Movement reiterates its strong condemnation of Israel 's continuing intensive campaign of building settlements throughout the occupied Palestinian territories , in particular in and around occupied East Jerusalem .
 Other relevant intergovernmental organizations that were accredited to the Monterrey Conference on Financing for Development and its follow-up process , including the Doha Review Conference , as well as relevant organizations of the United Nations system , may participate in the deliberations of the Conference , as appropriate , in accordance with the rules of procedure of the Conference . In addition , interested intergovernmental organizations that were not accredited to the Monterrey Conference on Financing for Development , its follow-up process or the Doha Review Conference may apply to the General Assembly for accreditation   following   the established accreditation procedure . The above arrangements concerning participation of institutional stakeholders in the Conference will in no way create a precedent for meetings of the General Assembly .
 Registration will be open to : -LRB- a -RRB- all non-governmental organizations that are in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council ; and -LRB- b -RRB- all non-governmental organizations and business sector entities that have been accredited to the Monterrey Conference on Financing for Development or its follow-up process , including the Doha Review Conference . In addition , interested non-governmental organizations and business sector entities that are not in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council or were not accredited to the Monterrey Conference on Financing for Development , its follow-up process or the Doha Review Conference may apply to the General Assembly for accreditation   following   the established accreditation procedure . The above arrangements concerning participation of non-governmental organizations and business sector entities in the Conference will in no way create a precedent for meetings of the General Assembly .
 The following United Nations bodies , funds and programmes were represented : United Nations , Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS -LRB- UNAIDS -RRB- , United Nations Capital Development Fund , United Nations Children 's Fund , United Nations Conference on Trade and Development , United Nations Development Fund for Women , United Nations Development Programme , United Nations Environment Programme , United Nations Population Fund , United Nations University , International Trade Centre , Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights , World Food Programme . The   following   specialized agencies and related organizations were represented : Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations , International Fund for Agricultural Development , International Labour Organization , International Monetary Fund , United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization , World Bank , World Health Organization , World Tourism Organization , World Trade Organization . Other entities having received a standing invitation and participating as observers were : Inter-Parliamentary Union .
 Technical assistance was provided in all areas and the Arab development funds supported Aid for Trade to increase competitiveness and research and development . Saudi Arabia provided about two thirds of total aid from Arab States ,   followed   by Kuwait , United Arab Emirates and Qatar . Although those were still developing countries , aid disbursement from the region constituted 0.5 per cent of GNP , higher than the percentage among DAC countries .
 One of the results-based management building blocks pertains to monitoring and evaluation .  Following   the recommendations of the Board of Auditors in 2006-2007 , a monitoring and evaluation section within the Institute 's research department will be created in the second half of 2009 . Its role will be to systematize evaluation for learning at UNITAR , and to support a cyclical system of planning such that evaluation results are reflected in future programme planning .
 This review was undertaken both by the Tribunal and by its chambers . In considering such legal and judicial matters , the Tribunal and its chambers also   followed   closely the developments regarding matters of procedure of the International Court of Justice and other international courts or tribunals . Some of the main issues that were considered are addressed below .
 The death penalty can not be imposed on a person whose age at the time the offence was committed was below 18 . The Bahamas acknowledged that the age of criminal responsibility in many Member States has been increased   following   recommendations made by the Committee on the Rights of the Child , and stated that consideration will be given to reviewing the age of criminality in the Bahamas as a part of ongoing legal reform . In commenting on corporal punishment , the Bahamas noted that , with respect to children , Bahamian law permits parents to use corporal punishment to correct a child under the age of 16 for misconduct or disobedience of a lawful command ; it is also permissible for a parent to delegate such power of correction to a schoolmaster .
 Canada welcomed a speedy accession to the remaining core international human rights treaties , in particular the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights , to which the Bahamas stated it will accede . Canada recommended that the Bahamas   follow   the recommendation of the Committee on the Rights of the Child to establish a national human rights institution in accordance with the Paris Principles , that is adequately resourced , child-sensitive and able to provide remedies in a timely manner . Recognizing the challenges that the Bahamas faces with regard to migrants and asylum seekers , Canada supported the recommendations of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination that migrants , refugees and asylum-seekers be detained only as a last resort and , furthermore , that alternatives to detention be sought , and recommended that the Bahamas implement the recommendations of the Committee .
 Conventional or other weapons may not be transferred from one location to another without the approval of the Royal Oman Police at both the origin and destination points . Strict security procedures are   followed   during loading , transfer , unloading and storage . End user certificate
 The contents of each depot is registered and documented with respect to quantity , type , serial number and the distinguishing marks of each weapon ; special surveillance equipment is used to protect depots . Periodic and unannounced inspections are performed by specialized committees in order to ensure that proper safety and storage procedures are being   followed   . Annual inventories are performed in order to verify the stock and transfer activity of weapons and ammunition depots .
 It does not , however , diminish the duties of the United Nations . Brazil is ready to participate in the discussions   following   up on the recommendations of the panel . The President -LRB- spoke in Arabic -RRB- : There are still a number of speakers remaining on my list for this meeting .
 It requested the Chilean delegation to share more information on the subject , and on difficulties faced by Chile in increasing the participation of women in its labour force . The Republic of Korea considered Chile 's path toward democracy and its Government 's efforts to uphold human rights as good practice for other countries to   follow   . It asked for information on Chile 's experience in handling the balance between truth and justice one the one hand and reconciliation on the other .
 School was compulsory for girls and boys to the age of 14 years and all parents wished their children to have an education . Discrimination was not possible or acceptable , but unfortunately , the resources available were insufficient to provide adequate schooling and health care , although education ,   followed   by health care , received the largest State budget allocation . There were also two systems of social security .
 In 2008 , draft legislation to establish the National Ombudsman Office of Haiti was submitted to the Government . OHCHR and MINUSTAH have provided comments on the draft legislation and are currently   following   developments closely . Following the reviews of Belize and Chile at the fifth session of the universal periodic review working group in May 2009 and the resulting recommendations to establish a national human rights institution in accordance with the Paris Principles , OHCHR has initiated consultations on this matter with authorities in both countries .
 In Tajikistan in 2009 , OHCHR has provided support to the newly established Ombudsman in setting up the institution , including by developing its strategic plan and internal regulations . OHCHR is also closely   following   the efforts under way in European countries , including Italy , the Netherlands and Turkey , to establish a national human rights institution in line with the Paris Principles . Middle East and North Africa
 Ms. Susanne Rihs-Aeby is in charge of the logistical and technical aspects in organising the CCW Sponsorship Programme . The contact details are as   follows   : telephone : +41 -LRB- 0 -RRB- 22 906 16 85 , fax : +41 -LRB- 0 -RRB- 22 906 16 90 , E-mail : s.rihs-aeby @ gichd.org . The GICHD will advise the Steering Committee on any changes to the point of contact within the GICHD .
 One of the opening speakers distinguished the responsibilities of the Security Council from those of the wider United Nations system . He emphasized the Council 's focus on peace and security and its responsibilities to make decisions and to   follow   up on prescribed recommendations and actions . Another participant stressed the responsibility that came with being on the Security Council , specifically on how the Council saves lives , spends money , makes choices , decides where to intervene and where not to intervene , while at the same time maintaining both process and accountability .
 The present document is a final report supplementing the interim report , and contains a review of relevant developments in the rights of indigenous peoples , including specific references to the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples , arising out of the work of the treaty bodies , special procedures and OHCHR field presences from 2007 to 2008 . The report is intended to contribute to the implementation of article 42 of the Declaration , which called on the United Nations , its bodies , including the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues , and specialized agencies , including at the country level , and States to promote respect for and full application of the provisions of the Declaration and to   follow   up on its effectiveness . In the second section of the report , a review of the work of treaty bodies and special procedures is presented through the most regularly observed issues , including good practices and challenges , relating to the rights of indigenous peoples .
 As a result , an amount of US $ 11 million is still awaiting audit certificates and this case forms part of the statistics of audit reports not received . The Financial Control Section will continue its efforts to   follow   up on compliance for future years . However , given UNHCR 's operational environment and constraints , complete compliance is not feasible within a relatively short timeframe .
 The General Assembly has been monitoring the implementation of the Convention through an annual report presented by the Secretary-General . The role of the GEF in support of the Convention has been   followed   closely by the General Assembly since the World Summit on Sustainable Development , particularly since the GEF opened a new focal area on land degradation and became a financial mechanism of the Convention . In its resolution 62/193 of 19 December 2007 , the General Assembly emphasized the need for the GEF to continue to allocate adequate financial resources to the land degradation focal area .
 Overall , the Iraqi security forces continue to sustain security gains achieved in Al Anbar region despite the regular targeting of the forces and Awakening Council leaders in and around the Ramadi-Fallujah corridor . In Diyala insurgents   followed   a similar pattern of daily assaults on Sons of Iraq units in Baqubah and surrounding rural areas . Incident levels remained relatively low across southern Iraq , as the security forces , through interdiction operations , continued to discover weapons and ammunition caches in areas of Kut , Nasiriyah and Amarah .
 - Computer sabotage , article 264 of the Penal Code ; - Threats , article 169 and   following   of the Penal Code ; - Justification or glorification -LRB- apologie -RRB- of terrorism , article 578 of the Penal Code .
 Designated Committee members Jos Bengoa Cabello and Purificacin Valera Quisumbing to follow the work of the Social Forum , which will meet on 31 August 2009 , and brief the Committee at its fourth session on issues of relevance to the work of the Committee ; Also designated the members Mona Zulficar and Miguel Alfonso Martnez to   follow   the work of the Forum on Minority Issues and the work of the Expert Mechanism of Indigenous Peoples , respectively , which will meet in August and September 2009 , and to brief the Committee on issues of relevance to its work at its fourth session . 30 January 2009
 It is also a very important and positive development that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo has now finally decided to take concrete measures in the five particularly dramatic cases to which the Council once again drew the attention of that country 's authorities during its mission there . It is evidently necessary that the Council continue to   follow   up on this matter . We are encouraged by the valuable work of MONUC 's new joint protection teams .
 Jordan has committed itself to the implementation of all recommendations it accepted when it presented its report . Jordan is committed to strengthening its relationship with treaty-monitoring bodies and pledges to present its remaining outstanding periodic reports to the relevant committees in due time and to   follow   up on the recommendations arising from these dialogues . Cooperation with the special procedures
 They will be carried out at the national level and should provide the occasion for frank and constructive dialogue between all stakeholders with a view to evaluating joint efforts towards peacebuilding in the country . The reviews will evaluate the actions planned , the commitments undertaken by all stakeholders , the results expected and the stages to be   followed   to achieve results . Formal reviews will then be held in the framework of the Peacebuilding Commission in New York , with the participation of the main stakeholders of the Central African Republic .
 The Group of Experts found that across the globe : -LRB- a -RRB- Assessments of living marine resources are generally the strongest ,   followed   by extensive work in water quality assessments . All regions have at least some information on fishery status and trends , although full analytical assessments are only available in a few areas .
 Should there be accidents in or mines found in released areas , such areas or portions of them may be reclassified as suspected mined areas or confirmed mined areas . -LRB- vi -RRB- A formal national policy addressing liability issues : National policies and standards on the release of land should detail the shift of liability from the mine action operator to the national , sub-national or local government or other entity with mine action operators obliged to   follow   national policies and standards in order to be exempt from liability . -LRB- vii -RRB- A common set of terminology to be used when describing the process : Many States Parties use different terminology to broadly describe the same processes .
 Table 7 of the report provides information on the proposed level and location of the posts . As indicated in paragraph 85 of the report , the proposal to establish one D-1 and four P-5 posts   follows   the Lebanon model , where the country Chief Security Adviser has the Chief of the Security and Safety Section of the regional commission and the Deputy Security Adviser reporting to him or her . Both the United Nations Office at Geneva and the United Nations Office at Vienna already have security and safety section chiefs -LRB- P-5 posts -RRB- who serve as the Chief Security Adviser .
 Nevertheless , a total of 628 different companies worldwide that maintain active collaboration , partnerships and contacts with UNICEF were identified as part of a survey conducted in 2008 involving country offices , regional offices , several headquarters divisions , the Private Fundraising and Partnerships division and National Committees . The majority of surveyed companies are located in National Committee countries in Western Europe -LRB- 38 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by North America -LRB- 13 per cent -RRB- , Latin America and the Caribbean -LRB- 13 per cent -RRB- and East Asia and the Pacific -LRB- 12 per cent -RRB- . Modalities of cooperation .
 In its unanimous judgement on the merits of 30 June 2005 the Grand Chamber of the Court held : In the present case it is not disputed that the act about which the applicant complained , the detention of the aircraft leased by it for a period of time , was implemented by the authorities of the respondent State on its territory   following   a decision to impound of the Irish Minister for Transport . In such circumstances the applicant company , as the addressee of the impugned act fell within the `jurisdiction ' of the Irish State , with the consequence that its complaint about that act is compatible ratione loci , personae and materiae with the provision of the Convention.
 The Subcommittee was of the view that the limited resources of the United Nations should be focused on activities with the highest priority . The Subcommittee noted that , in addition to the United Nations conferences , training courses , workshops , seminars and symposiums planned for 2009 -LRB- see para. 32 below -RRB- , other activities of the Programme in 2009 would place emphasis on the   following   areas : -LRB- a -RRB- Providing support for education and training for capacity-building in developing countries through the regional centres for space science and technology education , affiliated to the United Nations , and by continuing the long-term fellowship programmes for training ;
 The approved text of the Safety Framework -LRB- A/AC.105/C.1/L.292/Rev.4 -RRB- was recommended to the Subcommittee for adoption . The Working Group emphasized that the Safety Framework , as a technical document , relied on and was consistent with the principle of responsibility of States set out in international treaties and principles , in particular in article VI of the 1967 Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space , including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies , a in which the   following   is stated : States Parties to the Treaty shall bear international responsibility for national activities in outer space , including the moon and other celestial bodies , whether such activities are carried on by governmental agencies or by non-governmental entities , and for assuring that national activities are carried out in conformity with the provisions set forth in the present Treaty .
 The Working Group welcomed the proposal to establish a pool of anti-corruption experts and recommended that the pool should be regarded as a directory of experts and should be developed by UNODC in such a way that the Office and other technical assistance providers could consult it for the identification of expertise appropriate to the activity at hand . The Working Group gave UNODC the task of reporting on the development of such a pool of experts at the next meeting of the Working Group and requested UNODC to seek the required voluntary funding for that activity ,   following   its established procedures . The Working Group endorsed the other proposals for technical assistance contained in CAC/COSP/WG.3/2008/CRP.1 and recommended that the matrix proposed to map technical assistance activities at the bilateral , regional or global levels should be developed and further expanded in order to provide an overview of the needs identified and of the supply side of technical assistance .
 The Committee also responded to written queries from Member States concerning certain aspects of the sanctions regime . Finally , with regard to reporting by States on the implementation of all relevant measures set out in resolutions 1737 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , 1747 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and 1803 -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , the updated figures are as   follows   : 91 reports under resolution 1737 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , 78 reports under resolution 1747 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and 66 reports under resolution 1803 -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . The President : I shall now give the floor to members of the Security Council .
 Will it be necessary to set up a special tribunal , as in the case of Sierra Leone ? Should we follow the Cambodian example ? I would tend to be inclined to   follow   the Cambodian model , but this is a matter that we will have to be consider once we are in the field : how to provide justice to the Congolese people and how to bring to justice the perpetrators of the most significant crimes against the civilian population . Beyond these actions sharply focused on protecting civilians and providing them with justice , there are two other actions we must take .
 Information on ERUs , CERs , AAUs and RMUs shall only include units valid for the commitment period in question and shall be recorded separately for each type of unit . The secretariat shall record in the database for each Party included in Annex I the   following   information : The assigned amount pursuant to Article 3 , paragraphs 7 and 8 ; For the first commitment period , the total allowable issuances of RMUs resulting from forest management activities under Article 3 , paragraph 4 , and limits on net acquisitions of CERs from afforestation and reforestation activities under Article 12 pursuant to decision -/CP.7 -LRB- LULUCF -RRB- . The secretariat shall record in the database , for each Party included in Annex I , whether it is eligible to transfer and/or acquire ERUs , CERs , AAUs and RMUs pursuant to decisions -/CP.7 -LRB- Article 6 -RRB- , and -/CP.7 -LRB- Article 17 -RRB- and to use CERs to contribute to its compliance under Article 3 , paragraph 1 , pursuant to decision -/CP.7 -LRB- Article 12 -RRB- .
 Overview Since the last report on this issue -LRB- A/55/471 -RRB- , the main refugee groups continue to originate from Burundi -LRB- 567 , 000 -RRB- , Sudan -LRB- 443 , 000 -RRB- , Somalia -LRB- 441 , 600 -RRB- , Angola -LRB- 421 , 200 -RRB- , Sierra Leone -LRB- 401 , 800 -RRB- and Eritrea -LRB- 377 , 100 -RRB- ,   followed   by the Democratic Republic of the Congo -LRB- 340 , 000 -RRB- , Liberia and Rwanda . Although some repatriation movements have taken place , such as the 21 , 000 Eritrean refugees and the 22 , 000 Somali refugees who returned home by mid-year , there are still 3.6 million refugees in Africa , or 30 per cent of the global 12.1 million refugee population .
 I should also like to inform the Council that , after the expiration of the deadline for the submission of nominations , the Secretariat has been informed that the Italian national group nominated Mr. Nabil Elaraby as a candidate . The Security Council also has before it a note by the Secretary-General , contained in document S/2001/881 , describing the present composition of the Court and setting out the procedure to be   followed   in the conduct of the election . I should like to remind the Council that , under article 10 , paragraph 1 , of the Statute of the International Court of Justice ,
 On 25 May 2000 the Sultan of Kanem reportedly ordered the arrest of members of the Faydal Djaria Muslim community , originally from Nigeria and Senegal . The arrests   followed   a request to this effect from the Chadian Higher Council of Islamic Affairs , which justified its initiative by this community 's alleged failure to conform to the principles of Islam . Specifically , it cited the practice of mixed-sex singing and dancing during religious ceremonies .
 As to Gao Guofu , Gang Jinliang and some others mentioned in the -LSB- Special Rapporteur 's -RSB- letter who took part in the illegal gathering , the local public security department did not subject them to arrest , detention or any other punishment . Although serious efforts have been made to locate their whereabouts , no trace has been found of the   following   seven persons mentioned in the letter : Zhao Chunshun , Sun Zheguo , Jian Wenxiang , Liu Wanlin , Zhan He , Chen Yaofu and Xu Changhua . Comments
 Requests the Secretary-General to provide the International Law Seminar with adequate services , including interpretation , as required , and encourages him to continue considering ways to improve the structure and content of the Seminar ; Also requests the Secretary-General to forward to the International Law Commission , for its attention , the records of the debate on the report of the Commission at the fifty-sixth session of the General Assembly , together with such written statements as delegations may circulate in conjunction with their oral statements , and to prepare and distribute a topical summary of the debate ,   following   established practice ; Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States , as soon as possible after the conclusion of the session of the International Law Commission , chapter II of its report containing a summary of the work of that session and the draft articles adopted on either first or second reading by the Commission ;
 Although Governments had not yet been able to study the Commission 's report , he was not convinced that a new exchange of views would enhance the coherence and logic of the existing text . Certain articles could doubtless be improved but in the case at hand , it might be best to take the approach   followed   with the Convention on the Law of the Sea by considering the text as a whole to be acceptable insofar as it represented a minimum level of consensus and therefore an acceptable balance between the different points of view . Thus , the real question was whether the draft articles as a whole represented a minimum level of acceptance .
 To the contrary , the reading out of prices at that stage was an essential means of ensuring transparency . The fact that other funds and programmes did not use the practice was no justification for   following   their example . His delegation noted with pleasure that the Procurement Division had made considerable progress , as the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services had stressed at the previous meeting .
 His delegation noted with pleasure that the Procurement Division had made considerable progress , as the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services had stressed at the previous meeting . It was therefore time for the Division 's example of transparency to be   followed   by the other funds and programmes . His delegation would seek further details on that question during the informal consultations .
 Paragraph 26 The first , second and third sentences should be amended to read as   follows   : The shift in coca leaf production can be attributed to a number of factors .
 If in the first ballot the number of candidates obtaining an absolute majority is less than 14 , a second ballot will be held and balloting will continue , in the same meeting , until 14 candidates have obtained an absolute majority .  Following   the practice in the election of judges of the International Court of Justice , the Secretary-General suggests in his memorandum that any second and subsequent balloting shall be unrestricted  I repeat , that any second and subsequent balloting shall be unrestricted . It is further suggested that , following the practice in the election of the judges of the International Court of Justice , if more than 14 candidates obtain an absolute majority of votes in the first ballot , a second ballot will be held on all candidates and balloting will continue , at the same meeting , until 14 candidates , and no more , have obtained an absolute majority .
 ISPs are required to route their customers through the Government 's servers which , in turn , deny access to blacklisted sites . Any ISP that fails to   follow   the regulations is subject to licence suspension or fines . Moreover , any user who visits prohibited sites is subject to penalties , including jail terms .
 Addendum Add the   following   countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution : Croatia , Estonia , Ethiopia , Guatemala , Iceland , Kazakhstan , Monaco , Nicaragua , Norway , Philippines , San Marino , Suriname , Thailand , the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Yugoslavia
 OIOS was also concerned that some of the offices had still not completed host country agreements and were experiencing problems in obtaining exemptions from indirect taxes . OIOS also   followed   up on recommendations made in its 1999 follow-up inspection report to the General Assembly -LRB- A/54/817 -RRB- . UNEP management has provided concrete evidence of the actions taken to address most of the recommendations .
 However , a significant number of issues are common to both liquidation and reorganization , resulting in considerable overlaps and linkages between them , in terms of both procedural steps and substantive issues , as will become evident from the discussion in Part Two which follows . When the approach of two distinct procedures is   followed   , the determination of whether the enterprise of the insolvent debtor is viable should , at least in theory , determine which procedure should be used . As a matter of practice , however , at the time of commencement of either procedure , it is often impossible to make a final evaluation as to the financial viability of the business .
 In order for that goal to be achieved , administering Powers must fulfil their responsibilities under the Charter of the United Nations and cooperate with the Special Committee . Egypt wished to express appreciation to the administering Powers which had established relations of constructive cooperation with the Special Committee , and called on the other administering Powers to   follow   their example . In addition , it appealed to administering Powers to allow visiting missions to go to the Territories under their administration , so that the United Nations could obtain first-hand information on the needs and wishes of the population of those Territories .
 In this respect , the industries in the Islamic Republic of Iran have also been encouraged to implement technological development plans for aerospace-related technologies and subsystems that can be applied to space systems as well . Another active organization in space science and technology applications is the Aerospace Research Institute -LRB- ARI -RRB- , affiliated to the Ministry of Science , Research and Technology , which   follows   different space studies and activities . The Aerodynamic Group of ARI concentrates presently on the aerodynamic design and analysis of launch vehicles .
 Moreover , rule 19 of the rules of procedure states that the Bureau of the Commission shall consist of seven members -LRB- i.e. four members from Lists A and C combined , two members from List B and one member from List D , referred to in the annex to General Assembly resolution 1995 -LRB- XIX -RRB- as amended -RRB- . Accordingly ,   following   the cycle of rotation established after UNCTAD IX , the bureau for the sixth session of the Commission will be as follows : Chairperson from List C -LRB- Latin America -RRB- ; Rapporteur from List B ; and five Vice-Chairpersons -LRB- 3 from lists A and C combined , 1 from List B and1 from List D -RRB- . Item 2 - Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
 The Secretariat must be able to rely on sufficient human and financial resources. This is also related to the need for the Secretariat to be able to rely on its own sources of information as much as possible ; otherwise , there is a risk of communicating erroneous information and making inaccurate analyses . It is important that troop-contributing countries appropriately   follow   up the development of a conflict and that they increase their participation in meetings so that such meetings can be interactive . Although such cases are very important , we do not believe that interest should be limited exclusively to cases in which the security of personnel has been violated  for instance , cases of the kidnapping of observers .
 In cooperation with the Permanent Observer Mission of Palestine to the United Nations , the Committee will continue to expand its contacts with the Palestinian Authority and other institutions , including NGOs , in the areas under its jurisdiction and the rest of the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including Jerusalem .  Following   the practice of the previous year , the Committee will continue to invite Palestinian officials and other Palestinian personalities to meetings with members and observers of the Committee and the Secretariat , as required . The Bureau of the Committee will continue its consultations with countries interested in the programme of work of the Committee , including members of the European Union , with a view to promoting understanding of its objectives and greater participation in its activities .
 The Conference accordingly adopted the agenda of the session , with the exception of the item in question , which was held in abeyance . Following the inability of the Parties at COP 5 to reach conclusion on this matter , and   following   rule 16 and rule 10 -LRB- c -RRB- of the draft rules of procedure being applied , an item Second review of the adequacy of Article 4 , paragraph 2 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- , of the Convention was included in the provisional agenda for the sixth session . Attached to this item was a footnote reflecting the amendment proposed by the Group of 77 and China at COP 5 .
 Among those who bear the greatest responsibility for the crimes falling within the jurisdiction of the Special Court , particular mention is made of those leaders who , in committing such crimes , have threatened the establishment of and implementation of the peace process in Sierra Leone . It is my understanding that ,   following   from paragraph 2 above , the words those leaders who threaten the establishment of and implementation of the peace process do not describe an element of the crime but rather provide guidance to the prosecutor in determining his or her prosecutorial strategy . Consequently , the commission of any of the statutory crimes without necessarily threatening the establishment and implementation of the peace process would not detract from the international criminal responsibility otherwise entailed for the accused .
 The individual inventory review shall identify any problems for which adjustments under Article 5.2 would be appropriate and initiate procedures for calculation of adjustments . Problems should be identified as a failure to   follow   agreed guidelines under Article 5.2 in preparing greenhouse gas inventories , as a failure to follow section I of the guidelines for the preparation of the information required under Article 7 , -LSB- and as a failure to follow agreed methodologies for estimating and reporting activities under Article 3.3 and 3.4 as adopted by the COP/MOP -RSB- . These may be further subdivided as problems of : Transparency , as defined in the UNFCCC reporting guidelines on annual inventories , including :
 The individual inventory review shall identify any problems for which adjustments under Article 5.2 would be appropriate and initiate procedures for calculation of adjustments . Problems should be identified as a failure to follow agreed guidelines under Article 5.2 in preparing greenhouse gas inventories , as a failure to follow section I of the guidelines for the preparation of the information required under Article 7 , -LSB- and as a failure to   follow   agreed methodologies for estimating and reporting activities under Article 3.3 and 3.4 as adopted by the COP/MOP -RSB- . These may be further subdivided as problems of : Transparency , as defined in the UNFCCC reporting guidelines on annual inventories , including :
 Any significant changes in the functions of the national systems reported by Annex I Parties or identified by the expert review team during the in-country visit that may affect the preparation of greenhouse gas inventories in conformity with Article 5.2 and the guidelines for national systems should be reviewed annually in conjunction with the annual inventory review . The scope of such a review shall   follow   the scope set out for the in-country review according to paragraph 100 above . Identification of problems
 As we all know , establishing the rule of law and good governance is at the core of the socio-economic challenges facing Bosnia and Herzegovina . We have   followed   the recent conclusion of the special relationship agreement between the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and the Republika Srpska . The agreement should be consistent with the Peace Agreement and supportive of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
 The Russian representative quoted me as saying that I had found the proposal interesting . Yes , I find it interesting in academic terms , but there is no time and no space , as I have repeatedly stated publicly in interviews ; now we need to   follow   , and fully implement , Dayton . There are means  to which I will come back later  by which to make progress within the Dayton Accords and based upon the Dayton Accords .
 Pursuant to rule 11 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council , the Secretary-General is submitting the following summary statement . During the week ending 15 December 2001 , the Security Council took action on the   following   items : The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 4436th meeting , held on 14 December 2001 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations , having before it the report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations operation in Cyprus -LRB- S/2001/1122 -RRB- .
 Reiterates its suggestion that the Commission on Human Rights establish at its fifty-eighth session an inter-sessional open-ended working group entrusted with the further study of a draft optional protocol to the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights ; Decides to continue to   follow   progress towards the further elaboration and the adoption of a draft optional protocol to the International Covenant on Economic , Social and 25th meeting
 That the consequences of non-compliance to be applied by the enforcement branch shall be aimed at the restoration of non-compliance to ensure environmental integrity , and shall provide for an incentive to comply . These consequences shall be the   following   : For the first commitment period deduction at a rate of 1.3 ; For subsequent commitment periods at a rate to be determined in future amendments ; Development of a compliance action plan : to be submitted to the enforcement branch for review and assessment ; to provide for action to comply with the quantitative emission commitments of the subsequent commitment period ; and to give priority to domestic policies and measures ; Suspension of the eligibility to make transfers under Article 17 .
 Many also expressed their belief that a third-party monitoring , accepted by both parties , would serve their interest in implementing the report . The members of the Security Council are more than ever determined to   follow   the ongoing efforts towards a just , lasting and comprehensive final settlement between the Israeli and Palestinian sides and to provide it with the necessary support . In that connection , they express their full backing to all efforts , in particular the work of the Secretary-General and his special envoy in the region , to bring violence to an end , resume political dialogue , rebuild confidence and advance the prospects for a just and lasting peace .
 Concluding as I began , I would like to reiterate Mali 's steadfast commitment to children , especially those that are affected by armed conflict . It is our hope that the special session of the General Assembly on children , to be held in May 2002 , will give Member States , the United Nations agencies , non-governmental organizations and civil society a useful opportunity to   follow   the example of the Security Council , through its resolution 1314 -LRB- 2000 -RRB- and the resolution to be adopted at this meeting , by taking decisive measures to ensure the protection of children . Mr. Gatilov -LRB- Russian Federation -RRB- -LRB- spoke in Russian -RRB- : The rights of the child have become among the most important areas of human rights throughout the United Nations system .
 However , the internal aspect of the Lusaka Agreement is also necessary . In this connection , we welcome the encouraging commitments made by President Kabila , whose implementation we will   follow   with interest . It should be noted , nonetheless , that establishing an internal dialogue involving all political actors must not be confined to the Democratic Republic of the Congo alone .
 When he briefed the Council last January , Mr. Vieira de Mello suggested that the effectiveness of civilian police in general in complex operations could be enhanced . Accordingly , the civilian police in Bacau district have undertaken a trial deployment along the lines   followed   for peacekeeping troops , which means a deployment by national contingents . In this case the Filipino national contingent will operate alone in the Bacau district .
 We have had a very productive exchange of views with the delegation of Brazil , a country friendly to Colombia .  Following   the process that you , Sir , have suggested , I have several specific questions to put to Mr. Annabi on its behalf . First , is there currently any mechanism periodically to assess the security situation in the field ?
 In summary , the Secretariat , through the United Nations Office at Geneva , will continue making available to the Convention intergovernmental bodies and to the permanent secretariat of the Convention the full range of support services , as and when it may require , provided that those services would be extended on a reimbursable basis . The proposed change in the arrangements for the conference-servicing of the Convention would be reported to the Fifth Committee of the General Assembly ,   following   the provisions of General Assembly resolution 45/248 B , section VI , on issues of the procedures for administrative and budgetary matters and in line with the established procedure for programme budget implications . Conclusions
 Reiterates its suggestion that the Commission on Human Rights establish at its fifty-eighth session an inter-sessional open-ended working group entrusted with the further study of a draft optional protocol to the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights ; Decides to continue to   follow   progress towards the further elaboration and the adoption of a draft optional protocol to the International Covenant on Economic , Social and 25th meeting
 Chapter 5.5 5.5.2 Amend to read as   follows   : `` 5.5.2 Documentation and identification of fumigated units
 and 6.6.1.4 Add the following text as new paragraphs 6.1.1.5 , 6.3.1.3 , 6.4.2.12 and 6.6.1.4 : `` Manufacturers and subsequent distributors of packagings shall provide information regarding procedures to be   followed   and a description of the types and dimensions of closures -LRB- including required gaskets -RRB- and any other components needed to ensure that packages as presented for transport are capable of passing the applicable performance tests of this Chapter. `` 6.1.2.3 Delete `` and infectious substances packagings marked in accordance with 6.3.1.1 , '' .
 Finally , concerning a proposal for the appointment or election of an indigenous co-Chair , the Chairperson-Rapporteur informed the working group that he had held consultations and requested a legal opinion from the Secretariat . He recalled that the question had been raised previously at the first session of the open-ended inter-sessional ad hoc working group on a permanent forum for indigenous people , and it had been settled at that time   following   the practice of the working groups of the Commission on Human Rights and the legal opinion of the Office of Legal Affairs . He referred participants to paragraph 9 of the report of that session -LRB- E/CN.4/1999/83 -RRB- .
 For this reason it was important not to see the Conference as a one-off event , but rather as the launching of an orderly process of ongoing discussion on the basis of a balanced agenda . The model to   follow   in this regard remained the post-Second-World-War system in which the specialized institutions were intended to operate within an integrated system under a central coordinating body such as ECOSOC , which was to be the vehicle for institutional and programmatic coherence . In any event it would be essential to bring the concept of interdependence back to the core of the discussion of globalization .
 A UNDG Working Group on Harmonization and Simplification of Programming Processes and Approval , chaired by UNFPA , will propose concrete steps for streamlining of processes , including internal processes of Executive Committee members , and for the integration of CCA/UNDAF into their respective programming procedures . Increased use is being made of best practices , particularly using effective CCA/UNDAFs as models for other countries to   follow   . Further reviews are being held to identify the characteristics of a successful CCA/UNDAF process .
 If , at the instance of either the defence or the prosecution , the court finds the defendant unfit to plead , by reason of his mental condition , he may be admitted to secure accommodation at the Islands Hospital . Criminal trials normally   follow   the procedure adopted by criminal courts in England and Wales . As noted above , trials are normally in open court. The rules of evidence are rigorously applied and , if evidence is improperly admitted , a conviction may be quashed on appeal .
 The International Monetary Financial Committee , for the first time , stressed the importance of the commitments made at the World Education Forum , held in Dakar from 26 to 28 April 2000 , and in particular , those on education for girls and women . 20. On health issues , in particular HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases such as malaria and tuberculosis , the International Monetary Financial Committee   followed   the lead of the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the President of the World Bank and , also for the first time , determined that action was needed on a priority basis . A window of opportunity existed this year for concrete initiatives as well as an alliance among Governments , international organizations and the private sector to take specific steps .
 It should be noted that , in its resolution 1173 -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , the Security Council decided that all States should take the necessary measures to prohibit the direct or indirect import from Angola to their territory of all diamonds that are not controlled through the certificate of origin regime of the Government of Unity and National Reconciliation , though within the primary context of the sanctions against UNITA . The Mechanism is therefore obliged to   follow   up all instances of illicit diamonds imported from Angola . The object of dealers in these stones seems to be to obtain these valuable Angolan gems , which position dealers in the top 20 per cent of the diamond market , rather than to work exclusively with one side or the other .
 In order to validate reports concerning UNITA 's diamond trading and to obtain more evidence , the Mechanism has launched an investigation of the detailed allegations it has received concerning sanctions violations . Although the Mechanism has heard many allegations concerning UNITA 's diamond trading , it is only able to   follow   up those which are sufficiently detailed to be both very credible and traceable . Evidence-gathering in the world of diamond dealing is made especially difficult by the relative absence of documentation of the kind that one might expect from more normal trading channels , and because of the complexity of diamond trading networks .
 Solomon Islands is home to people of many races and cultures . The predominant race is Melanesian ,   followed   by Polynesian and Micronesian . The majority of indigenous Solomon Islanders profess Christianity .
 Logging/sawmilling had the highest number of accidents with slightly over 30 per cent , followed by forestry and agriculture with 13 and 10 per cent respectively . The principal causes of accidents were sharp objects -LRB- 19 per cent -RRB-   followed   by falling objects -LRB- 14 per cent -RRB- and power-driven machinery -LRB- 13 per cent -RRB- . Forty-eight per cent of the fatal cases occurred in logging/sawmilling .
 Forty-eight per cent of the fatal cases occurred in logging/sawmilling . The principal causes of fatal accidents were falling objects -LRB- 10 per cent -RRB-   followed   by sharp objects and transport/shipping each with 8 per cent Table 4 shows the number of occupational accidents by industry and cause , for 1994-1998 . Table 4 .
 For the eight-year period 1990-1998 , donor assistance for the health sector totalled approximately SI $ 125 million . The largest donor was the United Kingdom -LRB- SI $ 29 million -RRB-   followed   by the Republic of China -LRB- SI $ 26 million -RRB- and the World Health Organization -LRB- SI $ 19 million -RRB- . Thirty-five per cent of donor assistance was used for hospitals and clinics , 31 per cent for primary health care , 15 per cent for immunization and disease control , 11 per cent for family planning and 8 per cent for sectoral policy and planning .
 Office of Programme Planning , Budget and Accounts -LRB- 30.0 per cent -RRB- . Of the 5 departments and offices with 20 or more personnel at the D-1 level and above -LRB- the Department of Economic and Social Affairs , the Department of Political Affairs , the Department of Public Information , UNCTAD and the United Nations Environment Programme -LRB- UNEP -RRB- , UNCTAD has the lowest representation of women at those levels -LRB- 9.5 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by UNEP -LRB- 14.0 per cent -RRB- . Within United Nations peacekeeping and other special missions -LRB- Field Administration and Logistics Division , Department of Peacekeeping Operations -RRB- , women account for less than 10 per cent of the staff at the D-1 level and above -LRB- 7.2 per cent -RRB- .3
 The Committee on Relations with the Host Country was established by the General Assembly at its twenty-sixth session , in 1971 -LRB- resolution 2819 -LRB- XXVI -RRB- -RRB- . The Committee is currently composed of the   following   19 Member States : Bulgaria , Canada , China , Costa Rica , Cte d'Ivoire , Cuba , Cyprus , France , Honduras , Hungary , Iraq , the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya , Malaysia , Mali , Russian Federation , Senegal , Spain , United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and United States of America . Document : Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country , Supplement No. 26 -LRB- A/56/26 -RRB- .
 In resolutions 986 -LRB- 1995 -RRB- of 14 April 1995 and 1330 -LRB- 2000 -RRB- of 5 December 2000 , the Security Council requires that the Government of Iraq guarantee , on the basis of a plan to be submitted to and approved by the Secretary-General , equitable distribution of medicine , health supplies , foodstuffs , and materials and supplies for essential civilian needs -LRB- humanitarian supplies -RRB- exported to Iraq under the conditions defined by those resolutions . The memorandum of understanding concluded on 20 May 1996 between the United Nations Secretariat and the Government of Iraq -LRB- S/1996/356 -RRB- provides that the Government of Iraq shall prepare a distribution plan describing in detail the procedures to be   followed   by the competent authorities with a view to ensuring the equitable distribution of humanitarian supplies and submit the plan to the Secretary-General for approval . The memorandum states in this regard that if the Secretary-General is satisfied that the plan adequately ensures equitable distribution of humanitarian supplies to the Iraqi population throughout the country , he will so inform the Government of Iraq .
 With regard to the comments of the Secretary-General on the use of the services of consulting firms -LRB- A/55/979 -RRB- , he stressed the need for regulations in that area . Paragraph 3 of the document stated that the United Nations system ,   following   the example of the public and private sector , sought to reduce regulations . However , the two goals were not mutually exclusive since a minimum of regulation was preferable to no regulation at all .
 In most cases this will be the depositary , as shown by the general provisions of article 79 of the 1986 Convention , which also give some information on the modalities for such communication and its effects . Nevertheless , it   follows   from both article 78 and the legal regime of reservations , as established by the Conventions , that the depositary 's role is strictly limited and that he appears largely as a mere conveyor belt between the author of the reservation -LRB- or conditional interpretative declaration -RRB- and the States and international organizations to which it must be communicated . These considerations do not apply as strongly in the case of simple interpretative declarations ; they are , however , equally compelling , and for the same reasons , in the case of conditional interpretative declarations .
 To be held at Marrakesh , Morocco , from 29 October to 9 November 2001 -LRB- see decision 2/CP.6 -RRB- . Following the inability of the Conference of the Parties at its fifth session to reach any conclusion on this matter -LRB- see FCCC/CP/1999/6 , para. 18 -RRB- , and   following   rule 10 -LRB- c -RRB- and rule 16 of the draft rules of procedure being applied , an item entitled Second review of the adequacy of Article 4.2 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- of the Convention was included in the provisional agenda for the sixth session . Attached to this item was a footnote reflecting a proposal made at the fifth session by the Group of 77 and China to amend this item to read Review of the adequacy of implementation of Article 4 , paragraph 2 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- of the Convention .
  -LRB- e -RRB- Strengthened national economic management capacity as an integral component of peace-building and post-conflict resolution. Under indicators of achievement , add the   following   paragraph and re-letter the other paragraphs :  -LRB- a -RRB- Expression of satisfaction over the support provided to Member States in implementing the programme of action.
 In my country , sexual transmission is the principal means of infection . Infection is more frequent among homosexuals , who account for 44.6 per cent of cases ,   followed   by heterosexuals , with 23.8 per cent of cases , and bisexuals , who represent 15.9 per cent of cases . Transmission to haemophiliacs and through blood transfusions appears to have stopped , now amounting to only 3.4 per cent of cases .
 Nine university hospitals in the country serve as HIV/AIDS reference centres. Viral load testing and CD4 counts are available at these centres . In general practice patients referred to a reference centre have the choice to be   followed   up either at the reference centre or at the closest health centre . Regardless of the patient 's choice , immunological and virological follow-up have to be performed at the reference centre .
 In approving the present report , the Committee applied its scientific judgement to the material it reviewed and took care to maintain an independent and neutral position in reaching its conclusions .  Following   established practice , only the main text of the report is submitted to the General Assembly . The Committee wishes to acknowledge the assistance of the consultant , K. Sankaranarayanan , in the preparation of the scientific annex and the advice of the international experts , S. Abrahamson , J. F. Crow , C. Deniston , U. H. Elhing , V. A. McKusick , W. R. Lee , M. F. Lyon , K. G. Lning , W. J. Schull and R. C. Woodruff , whose independent review was sought by the Committee in its deliberations .
 Resolutions should request reports of the Secretary-General only in cases where that would be indispensable for facilitating the implementation of these resolutions or the continued examination of the question. In this connection , the General Committee may wish to draw the attention of the General Assembly to paragraph 5 of its resolution 48/264 , which reads as   follows   : 5. Encourages Member States to exercise restraint in making proposals requesting new reports of the Secretary-General , bearing in mind the desirability of reducing the number of such reports.
 With regard to item 10 of the draft agenda -LRB- Report of the Secretary-General on the work of the Organization -RRB- , as at previous sessions , the Secretary-General wishes to make a brief presentation of his annual report 6 as the first item in the morning prior to the opening of the general debate on Monday , 24 September 2001 . Bearing that consideration in mind , the Secretary-General recommends the   following   allocation for the various parts of the report : 7 9 This item has not been considered since the thirty-seventh session .
 The Policy Analysis and Lessons Learned Unit has been transformed into the Peacekeeping Doctrine and Best Practices Unit , as reflected in the report of the Secretary-General on resource requirements for implementation of the report of the Panel on United Nations Peace Operations -LRB- A/55/507/Add.1 -RRB- . -LRB- a -RRB- Analysis of previous experience in order to identify best practices to be   followed   by peacekeeping operations in the future , and preparation or clarification of various operational guidelines ; -LRB- b -RRB- Fostering a coherent presentation of peacekeeping policy through the provision of inputs to reports and participation in interdepartmental working groups , the preparation of text on cross-cutting issues , etc. ;
 Canada informed the Secretariat that the post of Chairman for the 2001 session of the Disarmament Commission was thus available for another regional group .  Following   the principle of rotation , the post of Chairman now moves to the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States . I would now like to give the floor to Mrs. Arce de Jeannet of Mexico .
 b. The character and utilization of the geostationary orbit , including consideration of ways and means to ensure the rational and equitable use of the geostationary orbit without prejudice to the role of the International Telecommunication Union ; -LRB- b -RRB- Consider the   following   single issues/items for discussion : -LRB- i -RRB- Review and possible revision of the Principles Relevant to the Use of Nuclear Power Sources in Outer Space ;
 -LRB- iv -RRB- Space debris ; -LRB- c -RRB- Consider the   following   single issues/items for discussion : -LRB- i -RRB- Examination of the physical nature and technical attributes of the geostationary orbit and of its utilization and applications , including , inter alia , in the field of space communications , as well as other questions relating to developments in space communications , taking particular account of the needs and interests of developing countries ;
 At the 544th and 546th meetings , on 12 and 13 February 2001 , the Chairman informed the Subcommittee that requests had been received from the permanent representatives of Algeria , Costa Rica , Cuba , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , the Republic of Korea , Saudi Arabia , Slovakia and Switzerland to attend the session .  Following   past practice , they were invited to send delegations to attend the current session of the Subcommittee and to address it as appropriate , without prejudice to further requests of that nature ; that action did not involve any decision of the Subcommittee concerning status but was a courtesy that the Subcommittee extended to those delegations . A list of the representatives of member States , United Nations entities and other international organizations attending the session is contained in document A/AC.105/C.1/INF.30 .
 Failure to understand the rights , responsibilities and opportunities for change conferred by franchise also means that women are not always registered to vote ; -LRB- b -RRB- Women 's double burden of work , as well as financial constraints , will limit women 's time or opportunity to   follow   electoral campaigns and to have the full freedom to exercise their vote ; -LRB- c -RRB- In many nations , traditions and social and cultural stereotypes discourage women from exercising their right to vote .
 European Community . The   following   non-governmental organizations in general consultative status with the Economic and Social Council were represented : Franciscans International , World Confederation of Labour .
 The texts of these draft decisions are contained in the report of the Conference of the Parties at the second part of its sixth session -LRB- see FCCC/CP/2001/5/Add.2 -RRB- . Following the inability of the Conference of the Parties at its fifth session to reach any conclusion on this matter -LRB- FCCC/CP/1999/6 , para. 18 -RRB- , and   following   rule 10 -LRB- c -RRB- and rule 16 of the draft rules of procedure being applied , an item entitled Second review of the adequacy of Article 4.2 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- of the Convention was included in the provisional agenda for the sixth session . Attached to this item was a footnote reflecting a proposal made at the fifth session by the Group of 77 and China to amend this item to read Review of the adequacy of implementation of Article 4 , paragraph 2 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- of the Convention .
 - Prepare during the year a statement of their situation for accounting purposes in accordance with periodic deadlines and in accordance with a set form drawn up by the Tunisian Central Bank ; - Provide to the Tunisian Central Bank all documents , data , clarifications and supporting papers necessary for consideration of their situation and to facilitate the task of ascertaining that they are duly   following   the procedures laid down for the monitoring of loans and exchange and the monitoring of loan institutions . The Banking Act makes the annual accounts of loan institutions subject to approval by an official auditor inscribed on the register of the Tunisian Board of Accounting Experts , so that , in addition to their legal obligations , this Act requires the auditors :
 Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations . At its substantive session of 2000 , the Council requested its President to continue to maintain close contact with the Chairman of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples , and to report thereon to the Council ; and requested the Secretary-General to   follow   the implementation of the resolution and to report thereon to the Council at its substantive session of 2001 -LRB- Council resolution 2000/30 -RRB- . At its fifty-fifth session , the General Assembly requested the Council to continue to consider , in consultation with the Special Committee , appropriate measures for coordination of the policies and activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in implementing the relevant resolutions of the Assembly -LRB- Assembly resolution 55/139 -RRB- .
 Action on all draft resolutions was taken at the 18th to 24th meetings , on 30 and 31 October and on 2 , 5 and 6 November -LRB- see A/C.1/56/PV.18-24 -RRB- . For its consideration of the item , the Committee had before it the   following   documents : -LRB- a -RRB- Letter dated 15 March 2001 from the Permanent Representative of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General -LRB- A/56/60-S/2001/234 -RRB- ;
 Recommendation of the First Committee The First Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft resolution : Maintenance of international security  good-neighbourliness , stability and development in South-Eastern Europe
 -LRB- b -RRB- General guidelines regarding the form and content of periodic reports to be submitted by States parties under article 19 , paragraph 1 , of the Convention -LRB- CAT/C/14/Rev.1 -RRB- . The Committee considered the second periodic report of Armenia -LRB- CAT/C/43/Add.3 -RRB- at its 440th , 443rd and 447th meetings , held on 14 , 15 and 17 November 2000 -LRB- CAT/C/SR.440 , 443 and 447 -RRB- , and adopted the   following   conclusions and recommendations . The Committee notes that the second periodic report of Armenia was not prepared in full conformity with the June 1998 guidelines for the preparation of periodic reports. It nevertheless welcomes with satisfaction the Armenian delegation 's oral introduction of the report and willingness to engage in a dialogue .
 The Committee recalls that the initial report was considered at a time when the armed conflict taking place and the second , when the Peace Agreements had just been concluded . The third was considered four years after the conclusion of the Peace Agreements. The Committee nevertheless must reiterate most of the recommendations made   following   its consideration of the preceding reports . The Committee reiterates the following recommendations :
 Observations by the State party on the merits 6.1 The State party transmitted its remarks on the merits of the communication on 13 September 1999. It reviewed the procedure followed in the case and stated that with regard to the final decision - that taken by the Appeal Commission on 18 January 1999 - the Appeal Commission had conducted a review that was narrower in scope than would have been the case had the author   followed   the ordinary appeal procedures . 6.2 The State party contends that the communication contains no new information beyond that considered when the case was dealt with through national procedures .
 He was accompanied on his travels by the author -LRB- whose name is again misspelled -RRB- , who had been introduced to him as someone who was very active in the KDP-Iraq movement and who had therefore been followed and arrested several times by the Syrian security services . The author had told him that because of his membership in KDP-Iraq , his life and the lives of his family members were in danger , and that he could no longer remain in the country because he was constantly being   followed   by the secret service . The certificate was drawn up by the Hpitaux universitaires de Genve on 20 August 1996 at the request of the author 's counsel .
 At the 544th and 546th meetings , the Chairman informed the Subcommittee that requests had been received from the permanent representatives of Algeria , Costa Rica , Cuba , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , the Republic of Korea , Saudi Arabia , Slovakia and Switzerland to attend the session .  Following   past practice , they were invited to send delegations to attend the current session of the Subcommittee and to address it as appropriate , without prejudice to further requests of that nature ; that action did not involve any decision of the Subcommittee concerning status but was a courtesy that the Subcommittee extended to those delegations . A list of the representatives of member States , United Nations entities and other international organizations attending the session is contained in document A/AC.105/C.1/INF/30 .
 In the case of households headed by men , however , only 10.3 per cent failed to declare the existence of such a partner . This trend was also apparent with regard to marital status , with most women heads of household -LRB- 32 per cent -RRB- declaring themselves to be single ,   followed   by those declaring themselves as widows -LRB- 27 per cent -RRB- , and those stating themselves to be separated -LRB- 17 per cent -RRB- . As far as men are concerned , 80.7 per cent stated that they were single -LRB- Department of Statistics and Census , 1985 -RRB- .
 The purpose of the revision was to bring it up to date and expand it through the addition of new statistics . Between its creation in 1996 and early 1998 , the PIOMH was engaged in an intensive effort to provide technical advice and training to executive institutions , primarily the Institutional Partnerships and OMM/OMS responsible for   following   up on the actions envisaged under the plan for each institution . Fifteen training workshops were held on the gender focus applied to planning , institutional management and gender in development , sustainable development and work , with training provided to 1 , 500 civil servants working for the 35 participating institutions .
 Through the implementation , over recent years , of the aforementioned national plans and strategic programmes -LRB- PIOMH , PLANOVI , PNCP/Women -RRB- , it has been possible to ensure that a number of priority issues be reflected in public policy and coordinate a series of initiatives created by the State and civil society for Costa Rican women , and as a means to promote gender equality and equity . Mechanisms for   following   up on these policies provide for the participation of , and coordination with non-governmental organizations and various organized women 's sectors . This has proven to be an effective mechanism for facilitating participation by the non-governmental sector in certain phases of policy formulation , execution , and monitoring .
 Information about birth-control methods is widely available . The largest provider of family-planning methods is the CCSS ,   followed   by the Ministry of Health. Next come individual pharmacies , private doctors ' surgeries , and retail outlets -LRB- supermarkets , grocery stores , bars , dispensaries , etc. -RRB- . Despite this varied supply , access is difficult for those with a lower education level or who live in rural or semi-urban areas , and these are the very population groups with the highest fertility rates .
 Recognizing further that late payments of assessed contributions adversely affect the financial situation of the Organization , Stressing that the established procedures for the formulation , implementation and approval of the programme budget must be maintained and strictly   followed   , Reaffirms that the Fifth Committee is the appropriate Main Committee of the General Assembly entrusted with responsibilities for administrative and budgetary matters ;
  -LRB- f -RRB- Progress made towards the adoption and implementation of measures to strengthen national legislation and progress giving effect to the action plan against the illicit manufacture , trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and their precursors ; measures to eliminate or reduce significantly the illicit manufacture , marketing and trafficking of other psychotropic substances , including synthetic drugs , and the diversion of precursors ; national legislation and programmes to counter money laundering ; and measures to promote and strengthen judicial cooperation ;  Add two new indicators of achievement , as   follows   :  -LRB- e -RRB- The completion of needs assessments for multilateral cooperation on drug control ;
 1.26 Figure I.4 shows the 2002-2003 regular budget by programme activity . Direct allocations to the education programme account for 52.6 per cent of the regular budget ,   followed   by the health programme -LRB- 18.0 per cent -RRB- and the relief and social services programme -LRB- 10.3 per cent -RRB- . The remaining portion represents support costs and items budgeted centrally , including working capital and area staff salary increase requirements .
 Mr. Berner -LRB- Observer for the Association of the Bar of the City of New York -RRB- , endorsing the comments made by the representatives of Germany , France and China , said that it was commonly accepted by the financial markets that banks followed the rules of the country in which they conducted their business . Therefore a branch of a United States bank based in Germany had to   follow   German rules , and vice versa . Since third parties were involved , that was not simply an internal matter for banks .
 UNDCP has elaborated new evaluation procedures , taking into consideration the views of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions . UNDCP will   follow   a flexible approach , one that strengthens ongoing evaluations at the project level , and focuses also on specific country or subregional programmes , or on technical issues when required . To ensure maximum objectivity , primary reliance would be placed on external , independent evaluators .
 The Government had already undertaken a number of policy reforms to restructure foreign debt , strengthen the banking system and rationalize the complex tax system . CORPEI ,   following   UNCTAD 's recommendations , would work closely with CONAM , the agency in charge of privatization . The Government was fully aware that dollarization should be accompanied by measures to improve enterprise competitiveness .
 The texts of these draft decisions are contained in the report of the Conference of the Parties on the second part of its sixth session -LRB- see FCCC/CP/2001/5/Add.2 -RRB- . Following the inability of the Conference of the Parties at its fifth session to reach any conclusion on this matter -LRB- FCCC/CP/1999/6 , para. 18 -RRB- , and   following   rule 10 -LRB- c -RRB- and rule 16 of the draft rules of procedure being applied , an item entitled Second review of the adequacy of Article 4.2 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- of the Convention was included in the provisional agenda for the sixth session . Attached to this item was a footnote reflecting a proposal made at the fifth session by the Group of 77 and China to amend this item to read Review of the adequacy of implementation of Article 4 , paragraph 2 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- of the Convention .
 J. J. Jammeh , has even gone beyond that and informed Member States parties to the agreement very clearly that , if they continue to request waivers , there would be no raison d'tre for the Moratorium . Against this background , therefore , describing a Gambian official as an arms trafficker is not only a very serious matter but a case that has to be   followed   up , so that the Gambian public can have all the details necessary for a better understanding of the matter . It is our belief that this accusation is unfounded , because if it were true the matter would have been treated more professionally and we would have received a detailed communication from the Committee prior to the publication of the list .
 Another actual example is the ratification by the Russian Federation of the Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty . We hope that the other States on which this treaty 's entry into force depends will now   follow   suit , thus enabling this vital instrument to join those agreements that are already in force . Such , then , is the extent of specific measures in the area of nuclear disarmament , measures which may be realistically - and I stress : realistically - implemented in the very near future and in that way can give powerful impetus to the whole disarmament process in the world and expand the scope of that process .
 Any State upgrading or replacing existing stocks of small arms and light weapons could consider destroying the legally held surplus thus created . States that decide to export or transfer any surplus small arms and light weapons , not designated for destruction should   follow   the same stringent export control and authorization procedures that are followed for the export of fresh small arms and light weapons production from their territory . There are several additional options for limiting the excessive and destabilizing accumulation and transfer of small arms and light weapons from stockpiles and surpluses .
 Any State upgrading or replacing existing stocks of small arms and light weapons could consider destroying the legally held surplus thus created . States that decide to export or transfer any surplus small arms and light weapons , not designated for destruction should follow the same stringent export control and authorization procedures that are   followed   for the export of fresh small arms and light weapons production from their territory . There are several additional options for limiting the excessive and destabilizing accumulation and transfer of small arms and light weapons from stockpiles and surpluses .
 In addition , the Officer would brief and distribute information to missions , academic institutions and NGOs currently interested in the El Salvador peace process . In the case of Central America , the Political Affairs Officer would   follow   developments in the region as a whole . When necessary , the Officer would attend meetings of the United Nations inter-agency task force for the reconstruction and transformation of Central America , and would coordinate activities with field offices of the United Nations system , as appropriate .
 The Political Affairs Officer would continue to monitor the Guatemala peace process , providing support to the activities of the United Nations Verification Mission in Guatemala -LRB- MINUGUA -RRB- and to the verification and good offices functions carried out by United Nations Headquarters in respect of the peace-building process in El Salvador . The Political Affairs Officer would also   follow   developments in the Central America region as a whole . The estimated costs related to the salaries and common staff costs of these two posts amount to $ 188 , 500 .
 As this report was being completed , its approval by Parliament was still awaited . If the programme is adopted , that will represent a significant step , provided that it is   followed   by genuine implementation of the measures concerned . The Special Representative would hope that many of the recommendations made by the United Nations Commission on Human Rights over the past 21 years are reflected in the document. Nevertheless , the Special Representative regrets that the Plan 's wording is at times too vague and does not specify commitments in such a way that their effective implementation , or the genuineness of the Government 's commitment , can be verified .
 The Government stated that on 21 May 2000 , the Ministry of Justice requested the Director General of the Federal Police to present a report on violence related to the land conflict in the area under the jurisdiction of the 17th squad of the Military Police of Para State . Further , on 31 May 2000 the Minister of Justice appointed Percilio de Souza Lima and Maria Eliane Menezes de Farias , members of the Council for the Protection of the Rights of the Human Person , to   follow   the trial of Jeronimo Alves do Amorim . Mr. Burin des Roziers was legal counsel for the prosecution in that case .
 From the operational aspects , BAIS-TNI has established bilateral cooperation with their counterparts to uncover any international terrorist networks which may exist in Indonesia . Through such cooperation , the BAIS-TNI would immediately   follow   up information obtained , in cooperation the Directorate General for Immigration , to monitor the movement of individuals suspected of belonging to international terrorist network and to uncover such network . However , to this date , the individuals mentioned in the intelligence shared by BAIS-TNI 's counterparts have not been located in Indonesia .
 Proposal : Ministers noted that the principles of good governance of nations include transparency , accountability , and the rule of law . They stressed that the intergovernmental financial institutions , in   following   these principles in their own operations , should adhere strictly to the mandates embodied in their respective Articles of Agreement . In addition , they called for the fuller participation of developing countries in the decision-making process of the institutions , as well as in their management and staffing patterns -LRB- para .
 Regulation 3.4 -LRB- a -RRB- Staff members whose salary rates are set forth in paragraphs 1 and 3 of annex I to the present Regulations shall be entitled to receive dependency allowances for a dependent child , for a disabled child and for a secondary dependant at rates approved by the General Assembly as   follows   : -LRB- i -RRB- The staff member shall receive an allowance for each dependent child , except that the allowance shall not be paid in respect of the first dependent child if the staff member has no dependent spouse , in which case the staff member shall be entitled to the dependency rate of staff assessment under subparagraph -LRB- b -RRB- -LRB- i -RRB- of regulation 3.3 ;
 Rule 25 Subject to rule 19 , the   following   motions shall have precedence in the following order over all other proposals or motions before the meeting : To suspend the meeting ; To adjourn the meeting ; To adjourn the debate on the question under discussion ; To close the debate on the question under discussion .
 He suspended a provision of Islamic law . Do the people of our own time   follow   that precept so as to live in peace and security ? Or do those concerned imagine that the security they seek for themselves will be achieved by stepping up the killing , intimidation and starvation of others ?
 In pursuing these priorities , UNICEF will put children at the heart of every agenda and find effective ways to ensure that children 's voices are heard .  Following   the principle of mainstreaming emergency operations , the five organizational priorities will be pursued in both regular and emergency programmes . These organizational priorities have been selected not only because of their world-wide importance and potential impact on children 's lives , but also because UNICEF has a comparative advantage in these areas .
 Evaluation Office  Following   the principles explained under headquarters programme support -LRB- see paragraph 79 -LRB- a -RRB- above -RRB- , the Evaluation Office will ensure clarity as to the nature of the evaluation function , promoting its strategic use at all levels , developing tools and other forms of methodological support , and systematizing the dissemination of evaluation findings . A central part of the work of the office will be the implementation of a multi-year evaluation plan , including thematic evaluations related to each of the organizational priorities of the MTSP .
 The communication , if admissible , will be brought confidentially to the attention of the State party concerned . If you wish to submit a communication , please   follow   the guidelines below as much as possible . Also , please submit any relevant information which becomes available after you have submitted this form .
 G.6.2 In a case where a State party , having submitted a report which has been scheduled at a session for examination , informs the Committee , at a time when it is impossible to schedule the examination of another State party report , that its delegation will not attend the session , the Committee may examine the report on the basis of the list of issues either at that session or at another to be specified . In the absence of a delegation , it may decide either to reach provisional concluding observations , or to consider the report and other material and   follow   the course in paragraph G.4 above . H. Format of the report
 It is important that the policy recommendations adopted by the Council be taken into account in the work of its subsidiary bodies . I would therefore appreciate it if efforts could be made to systematically   follow   up on the policy decisions adopted by the Council . The list of resolutions , agreed conclusions and decisions adopted by the Council specifically addressed to the functional commissions is attached for your ready reference -LRB- see annex -RRB- .
 These forums are critical to ensuring genuine consensus and national ownership of national programmes of action and need to be fully supported . Other LDCs should   follow   this example by developing such national forums . National Preparatory Committees , set up for the preparations for the Conference with the participation of representatives from the public and private sectors and civil society , could be built up into such forums .
 The Traditional Native American Farmers Association estimates that indigenous peoples cultivated 65 per cent of the crop varieties consumed throughout the world . The past 10 years have also seen the intensification of the   following   conflicting trends in addressing the imbalances in social and ecological relationships that underpin the global crisis in sustainable development : -LRB- a -RRB- The rise of economic neo-liberalism and corporate globalization and the attendant commodification and privatization of social and ecological values ;
 This could be done by adding a provision to article 1 , paragraph 2 -LRB- g -RRB- -LSB- of the pension scheme of the judges of ICTY -RSB- . The adoption of such an approach raises the question of why , in the case of a re-elected judge , there is any need for   following   the formula at all , as his or her pension benefit will ultimately be adjusted to be equivalent to that of an ICJ judge . Thus , as a second option , we have simply provided that the re-elected ICTY judge 's pension benefit be the equivalent of that of an ICJ judge .
 In its reply of 7 March 2001 , The North Atlantic Salmon Conservation Organization -LRB- NASCO -RRB- stated that while the Fish Stocks Agreement did not apply to salmon , it did contain provisions that could contribute to the international conservation and management of North Atlantic salmon . The Organization also welcomed the initiative by FAO to develop an IPOA to prevent , deter , and eliminate IUU fishing and was   following   the progress of the initiative . In its response of 15 March 2001 , the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea -LRB- ICES -RRB- reported that , as an intergovernmental organization responsible for coordinating research activities related to the sea and its living resources , principally in the North Atlantic and adjacent seas , it was responsible for giving advice to a number of regulatory commissions and to member countries in its field of competence .
 -LRB- i -RRB- Abuse and neglect -LRB- art. 19 -RRB- , including physical and psychological recovery and social reintegration -LRB- art. 39 -RRB- ; In addition , States parties are requested to provide information on the numbers of children per year within the reporting period in each of the   following   groups , disaggregated by age group , sex , ethnic or national background and rural or urban environment : homeless children , abused or neglected children taken into protective custody , children placed in foster care , children place in institutional care , children placed through domestic adoption , children entering the country through intercountry adoption procedures and children leaving the country through intercountry adoption procedures . States parties are encouraged to provide additional relevant statistical information and indicators relating to children covered in this section .
 Many countries have experienced growing internal inequality , including some of those in transition from communism . In the developing world , income gaps are most pronounced in Latin America ,   followed   closely by sub-Saharan Africa . Global income disparities are mirrored by enormous gaps in material consumption levels .
 These forums are critical to ensuring genuine consensus and national ownership of national programmes of action and need to be fully supported . Other LDCs should   follow   this example by developing such national forums . National Preparatory Committees , set up for the preparations for the Conference with the participation of representatives from the public and private sectors and civil society , could be built up into such forums .
 It also noted with satisfaction information on the adoption of instruments governing the organization and functioning of the network of parliamentarians . A mandate was given to the Bureau of the Committee to continue to   follow   developments and to report on them at the next meeting . Members were reminded that the protocol setting up the network of parliamentarians had been adopted in November 2000 .
 There is an increase in the level of cooperation between the Commission on Science and Technology for Development and its secretariat with other bodies of the United Nations system , especially the Commission on Sustainable Development and the Commission on the Status of Women and their secretariats , the Division of Sustainable Development and the Division for the Advancement of Women . The latter has   followed   closely the work of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development , in particular the activities of the Gender Advisory Board , a sub-organ of the Commission . The Board was established in 1995 to examine the gender implications of science and technology .
 The guidelines successfully combined the regime of the Vienna Conventions of 1969 and 1986 with a survey of practice in applying the relevant provisions of those conventions . Useful examples were those dealing with the distinction between reservations and interpretative declarations or with procedures that could be   followed   to achieve the same results as reservations . Many delegations consequently welcomed the new draft guidelines on alternatives to reservations , which would be of practical assistance to States .
 The Committee therefore assumes that if any of this information is referred to during the dialogue with the State party , the latter will already be aware of the information . The lists of issues drawn up by the working group are given directly to a representative of the States concerned , along with a copy of the Committee 's most recent report and with a note stating the   following   : The list is not intended to be exhaustive and it should not be interpreted as limiting or in any other way prejudging the type and range of questions which members of the Committee might wish to ask .
 The Committee urges the State party to ensure that no conflicts occur between Commonwealth and state law in this respect . The Committee encourages the State party to   follow   the High Court 's position concerning legitimate expectations arising from the ratification of the Covenant . The Committee encourages the State party to pursue its efforts in the process of reconciliation with Australia 's indigenous peoples and its efforts to improve their disadvantaged situation .
 Earlier today , as you know , the Security Council expressed its readiness to take all necessary steps to respond to yesterday 's attacks and to combat all forms of terrorism , in accordance with its responsibilities under the Charter . I trust that it will indeed take such steps , and that this Assembly  and all its members  will   follow   suit . All nations of the world must be united in their solidarity with the victims of terrorism , and in their determination to take action  both against the terrorists themselves and against all those who give them any kind of shelter , assistance or encouragement .
 Letter dated 10 September 2001 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General The Government of the Republic of Iraq   follows   a firm national strategy with regard to the problem of drugs , inasmuch as it is a multidimensional , national , regional and international problem that presents a grave threat to the health , safety and well-being of all mankind and undermines development , as well as having a grave impact on the dignity and hopes of millions of human beings . As such , it constitutes a serious threat to social and economic systems and to stability .
 In that connection , attention should equally be devoted to the case of the 1 , 250 Iraqis whose whereabouts were unknown and of whom no mention was made in any Security Council resolution . Instead of seeking to exacerbate the suffering of the Iraqi people , the Special Rapporteur should   follow   the example of human rights bodies and demand the lifting of the embargo . The Iraqi Government was ready to resume its dialogue with the United Nations .
 Developments in 2000 illustrated the volatility and unpredictability of the situation in the region . Some of the assumptions , upon which plans were based at the beginning of the year , proved to be over-optimistic , such as the premise that progress in the Arusha peace process would be   followed   by voluntary repatriation . This called for a greater degree of flexibility on the part of UNHCR , which had to shift its programme from a focus on voluntary repatriation to one of basic assistance .
 Committee members expressed the view that the non-governmental organizations on the Roster for the purpose of the work of the Commission on Sustainable Development had in the past been granted consultative status without having to submit to the Secretariat the requisite questionnaire and other documents submitted by organizations applying for Roster consultative status with the Council . Members felt that the existing procedure discriminated against other organizations , who   followed   normal procedure as stipulated in Council resolution 1996/31 . The Committee expressed the view that the whole procedure should be reviewed .
 However , he regretted the undue delay in processing the report and in submission of the Secretary-General 's comments thereon -LRB- A/55/857/Add.1 -RRB- and hoped that in future , every effort would be made to ensure a more expeditious transmission of comments . The primary message of the report , as stated in recommendation 1 , was that delegation of authority should   follow   a comprehensive overall plan of action based on a systematically developed concept . With respect to recommendation 2 , paragraph 60 of the report stated that clear policies for the promulgation of administrative issuances were not always observed .
 With respect to recommendation 2 , paragraph 60 of the report stated that clear policies for the promulgation of administrative issuances were not always observed . He was puzzled by the comment that that statement was not accompanied by specific examples and that the procedures set out for the promulgation of administrative instructions , their abolishment and/or amendment were scrupulously followed -LRB- A/55/857/Add.1 , para. 9 -RRB- since paragraphs 61 to 66 of the report listed a number of specific examples where those procedures had not been   followed   . Staff members should have no difficulty in finding the administrative issuances that they needed and should not have to consider the possibility that portions of those documents had not yet entered into force .
 This is the first report of the present Special Rapporteur , appointed to this mandate on 28 December 2000 , following the resignation of Justice Rajsoomer Lallah in November last year . The Special Rapporteur takes this opportunity to honour the work done by his eminent predecessors , Professor Yozo Yokota and Justice Rajsoomer Lallah , for their impeccable dedication to this mandate , which he hopes to be able to   follow   . The preparation of this report has been quite a challenge for a number of reasons .
 Reducing the negative health and social consequences of drug abuse Please indicate whether the   following   interventions have been implemented or are ongoing . Also indicate whether the specific programmes are gender-sensitive and whether they have been evaluated .
 Accordingly , Canada had ratified the Rome Statute and had incorporated its provisions into domestic law so that it could prosecute intentional attacks on humanitarian personnel . It would soon introduce legislation to ratify the Convention on the Safety of United Nations and Associated Personnel and urged Member States which had not yet done so to   follow   suit . The Convention applied , however , only if the Security Council or the General Assembly had declared that there existed an exceptional risk ; thus , United Nations and associated personnel who provided humanitarian relief to refugees or children outside the area of a peacekeeping operation and humanitarian personnel not associated with the United Nations were not protected under the Convention .
 Some of them have already been mentioned by Judge Jorda with reference to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia . The Tribunals work closely together , and we   follow   the measures taken by the judges of both Tribunals . Most motions at the pre-trial stage are now heard on briefs .
 It has carefully noted the progress already achieved and hopes that concrete improvements will continue to be made during the coming year . It invites the Tribunal to   follow   the example of the Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia by set up a coordinating council and a management committee in order to improve its own management and the cohesiveness of its various elements . The Union particularly welcomes the efforts under way to rationalize legal assistance for indigent accused .
 Question of the Falkland Islands -LRB- Malvinas -RRB- The Acting President -LRB- spoke in Spanish -RRB- : I should like to inform representatives that ,   following   consultations regarding agenda item 45 on the question of the Falkland Islands -LRB- Malvinas -RRB- , and taking into account General Assembly resolution 55/411 of 20 November 2000 , it is proposed that the General Assembly decide to postpone consideration of this item and to include it in the provisional agenda of its fifty-seventh session . May I take it therefore that the Assembly , taking into account decision 55/411 , wishes to defer consideration of this item and to include it in the provisional agenda of the fifty-seventh session ?
 This was not a popular decision , but we believe that it was the right one , as neither the Lusaka Agreement nor the Council 's resolutions had been implemented . If President Kabila 's recent statements are   followed   by concrete actions by all the parties , the United Nations will , at last , be able to play its full role in the peace process , and my Government wants that to happen . The critical short-term task remains a fully effective cease-fire and the disengagement of forces .
 He suspended a provision of Islamic law . Do the people of our own time   follow   that precept so as to live in peace and security ? Or do those concerned imagine that the security they seek for themselves will be achieved by stepping up the killing , intimidation and starvation of others ?
 The system-wide medium-term plan for the advancement of women for the period 2002-2005 , requested by the Economic and Social Council in its resolution 1999/16 , is the fourth such plan . It   follows   the model of the system-wide medium-term plan for the period 1996-2001 -LRB- E/1996/16 -RRB- , which was endorsed by the Economic and Social Council in its resolution 1996/34 . Together with any comments that the Commission on the Status of Women may have , the plan will be presented to the Economic and Social Council for endorsement in accordance with Economic and Social Council resolution 1999/16 .
 It also supported the decision to elaborate a flexible legislative guide that was capable of harmonizing existing laws on insolvency while promoting commercial exchanges and agreed , in that regard , that it was essential to provide training for professionals and officials in the judicial branch in order to ensure the proper functioning of the regime . It was also   following   with great interest the Commission 's work relating to the requirement of written form for the arbitration agreement , measures of protection and the preparation of a model law on conciliation . With regard to work on transport law , the items , including responsibility for ensuring that the provisions of other agreements were not prejudiced , required careful study .
 By a letter dated 16 January 2001 , the Secretary-General invited relevant specialized agencies and other organizations to submit information or other relevant material on the implementation of the Declaration , pursuant to its paragraphs 10 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- d -RRB- , by 31 May 2001 . As at 15 June 2001 , replies had been received from the   following   States : Austria , Bahrain , Belarus , Burundi , Cook Islands , Denmark , El Salvador , Finland , Greece , Guatemala , Hungary , Israel , Kuwait , Mexico , Norway , Pakistan , Panama , Philippines , San Marino , Sri Lanka , Sweden , Switzerland and Syrian Arab Republic . Replies had also been received from the following bodies of the United Nations system : Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention of the Secretariat , International Civil Aviation Organization -LRB- ICAO -RRB- and International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- . The following intergovernmental organizations had also replied : Commonwealth of Independent States -LRB- CIS -RRB- , Council of Europe , Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe -LRB- OSCE -RRB- and Organization of American States -LRB- OAS -RRB- .
 If no candidate is recommended on the basis of the fourth series of ballots , additional candidates may then be nominated . The process of balloting as described in paragraphs 5 to 8 above shall be   followed   again . For reasons of economy , this document has been printed in a limited number .
 Proposals and amendments shall normally be submitted in writing to the Secretary-General , who shall circulate copies to the delegations. I have been told that there have been incidents in which this procedure has not been strictly   followed   ; as a general rule this procedure has been followed . I should say that as a general rule it says that we shall not proceed if there are any objections .
 Further , Netherlands development assistance was aimed at improving the lot of the poor and included the idea of developing modalities to allow recipient countries to have the right to a say in their own affairs . Other European countries   followed   policies aimed at creating conditions for realizing human rights and pursued measures to promote specific economic , social and cultural rights . For a long time , however , the human rights approach to development cooperation focused on assistance for specific projects and programmes to address areas of chronic neglect , such as infant and child health and nutrition , education of the girl child , adult illiteracy , economic empowerment of woman etc. , as Clarence Dias put it .
 In order to carry out its mandate properly , the support group must have the power not only to monitor and adjudicate on the fulfilment of the obligations and conditionalities accepted by the developing countries , but also to decide on the allocation of the burden among the industrial countries . It may be able to do so on its own , or may refer to the DAC to actually enforce the decisions , of course   following   the usual consultations , with the participation of all , including local and international NGOs . To help the support group operate it may be necessary to create a new financing facility called the Fund for Financing Development Compacts .
 The victim 's whereabouts are still unknown . His captors threatened his wife if she tried to   follow   them . In March 2001 , a warrant was issued for the arrest of the auxiliary mayor and only one accomplice .
 After the Tenth Division of the Court of Appeals , on 28 November , overturned the death penalty imposed on persons accused of kidnapping a businessman , the Committee of Commercial , Industrial and Financial Associations of Guatemala took out paid advertisements in the press accusing the judges of promoting impunity . In this context , the judge presiding over the court reported that she had been   followed   and had received telephone threats . The Mission is particularly concerned at the increasing frequency of violent mob incidents , whose intimidating effects result in judicial inaction at the local level .
 In other cases , pressure and intimidation are used to prevent the clarification and judicial punishment of serious violations and offences , especially when these are attributed to State agents . Since the beginning of the investigation into the Monsignor Gerardi case , various individuals involved in the judicial proceedings have been   followed   , intimidated , threatened and attacked . Such incidents have become systematic and have in common the fact that they are planned , using the necessary infrastructure to develop a major operational , logistical and human resource capacity .
 Their main aim appears to be to force members of the judiciary to abandon the case or to undermine the impartiality of their decisions , which means that such incidents intensify at key moments in the proceedings . During the period under review , coinciding with the start of the oral proceedings , the special prosecutor in the case , Leopoldo Zeissig , was   followed   and received telephone threats on a number of occasions . Furthermore , Yasmn Barrios Aguilar , a member of the Third Trial Court in charge of the oral proceedings , reported that on 16 March 2001 two individuals tried to break into her house .
 The Mission is gravely concerned at the increasing number of complaints of threats , including death threats. Of the total number of complaints received during the period under review , 171 violations have so far been confirmed . Many involve persons working in institutions for the protection and promotion of human rights , who have been intimidated using various forms of harassment : possible phone tapping , surveillance of their homes or places of work , being   followed   in the street and receiving threats over the telephone or in letters and pamphlets . The headquarters of the institutions concerned have also been the targets of numerous robberies and raids .
 On 6 June 2001 , the Asociacin para la Justicia y la Reconciliacin , made up of the communities which were the victims of the 11 massacres that took place in 1982 , filed a complaint for the alleged crimes of genocide and crimes against humanity against the current President of the Congress , General -LRB- ret. -RRB- Jos Efran Ros Montt , who was President of the Republic at the time , and against members of his Armed Forces High Command during that period . The next day , staff of the Human Rights Legal Action Centre , which is advising the association , were   followed   and received telephone threats and , in incidents confirmed by the Mission , its headquarters was kept under hostile surveillance . On the night of 11 June 2001 , Barbara Rose Bocek , an American citizen belonging to an Amnesty International delegation on mission in Guatemala , was accosted by two armed men as she was preparing to enter her room in a hotel located in an exclusive area of the capital city .
 Thus , the data point to a significant participation of working children in the rural areas in the north-east , and a smaller participation in the country 's southern region . These children 's main occupation was agriculture and animal husbandry -LRB- 58.3 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by commerce -LRB- 12.4 per cent -RRB- , and industry and services -LRB- 11.2 per cent -RRB- . Indeed , the figures showed that 53.8 per cent worked on farms and various types of smallholdings , while 23.1 per cent worked in shops , workshops , factories and offices .
 The main source of programme financing was the Length of Service-Based Fund-FGTS , which provided 90 per cent of the funds , the remaining 10 per cent coming from the State general budget . The main programme in terms of share in total investment was the Individual Letter of Credit programme -LRB- 61.23 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by the Associative Letter of The main programmes implemented through government agents and directed at the lower-income population accounted for only 20 per cent of the funds invested .
 The main source of programme financing was the Length of Service-Based Fund-FGTS , which provided 90 per cent of the funds , the remaining 10 per cent coming from the State Budget . The main SEPURB programme in terms of share in total investment was the Individual Letter of Credit Programme -LRB- 61.23 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by the Associative Letter of Credit Programme -LRB- 15.81 per cent -RRB- , which shows that there is a demand for financing on the part of private economic agents . The main programmes implemented through government agents and directed at the lower-income population , such as HABITAR BRASIL and PRO-MORADIA , accounted for only 10.9 per cent and 9.99 per cent of the funds invested -LRB- see table below -RRB- .
 -LRB- Agenda item 3 -RRB- For its consideration of this agenda item , the Trade and Development Board had before it the   following   documentation : Trade and Development Report 2000 -LRB- UNCTAD/TDR/2000 and Overview -RRB- .
 During the week ending 30 June 2001 , the Security Council considered at its 4337th meeting , held in private on 27 June 2001 , the question of the recommendation for the appointment of the Secretary-General of the United Nations . In accordance with rule 55 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council , the   following   communiqu was issued through the Secretary-General in place of a verbatim record : At its 4337th meeting , held in private on 27 June 2001 , the Security Council considered the question of the recommendation for the appointment of the Secretary-General of the United Nations .
 Administrative and budgetary questions In its resolution 13 -LRB- XXXVI -RRB- , the Commission established a budget cycle for the Fund of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme and a methodology that it would   follow   in its consideration of budgetary matters . That methodology was revised by the Commission in its resolutions 7 -LRB- XL -RRB- and 8 -LRB- XL -RRB- , in which it adopted budget proposals in line with the harmonized budget model followed also by the United Nations Development Programme , the United Nations Children 's Fund and the United Nations Fund for Population Activities .
 In its summarized simplicity , this statement confirms an uncomfortable reality often underlined in the past in other international forums . It is also a global challenge because , in an increasingly interconnected world economy , the range and reverberations of urban crises have a much greater impact than before. And it is global because , despite obvious differences running across the whole development spectrum , cities increasingly face similar problems. There is an opportunity to learn from each other 's experience and to multiply the potential for sustainable development   following   a common agenda . One of these common features is the divided city .
 ` Nanocrystalline ' materials in 1.C.3.c. are those materials having a crystal grain size of 50 nm or less , as determined by X-ray diffraction . Uranium titanium alloys or tungsten alloys with a `` matrix '' based on iron , nickel or copper , having all of the   following   : A density exceeding 17.5 g/cm3 ;
 Housing On 14 August 2000 , two houses in East Jerusalem were destroyed   following   a court order by the Jerusalem Municipality . The two houses had been built the previous year and were empty .
 Having been seriously libelled by the Amnesty International report , the Government is entitled to be informed of the material put forward to support the outrageous charge that hundreds of people were killed . The Government therefore made a request to the Commission , to the effect that any such document , if any existed , which it received from any party whatsoever , should be transmitted to the Government in order to guarantee that an adversarial procedure was   followed   . This has not been done .
 Impact of consolidation on DGAACS services Clear majorities of respondents in the survey of Member States found that services provided by DGAACS have improved or somewhat improved compared to the situation prevailing before the Department was established : 81 per cent of correspondents considered servicing of meetings and editing of parliamentary documentation to be improved ,   followed   by pre-session technical support services -LRB- 76 per cent -RRB- and technical support services provided during meetings -LRB- 72 per cent -RRB- . One third of the respondents considered that translation and interpretation services have remained the same .
 The State Committee for Religious and Ethnic Affairs of the Republic of Belarus was established in 1997 . In cooperation with the agencies concerned and with the support of interested associations the Committee , using scientific methods ,   follows   the evolution of inter-ethnic and inter-religious relations , takes steps to increase the awareness of officials of law enforcement bodies and educators and provides them with methodological guidance , in addition to various other measures . The Coordination Council for the National Minorities of Belarus has been established in order to promote the exercise by Belarusian citizens of all ethnic origins of their rights and the formulation of recommendations .
 Complaints about racism lodged before the competent legal authorities are considered in conformity with current legislation . The following are some recent cases brought to the attention of the administrative and legal bodies responsible for considering them and   following   them up . Constitutional Court .
 Colombia is continuing to adopt new legislation to ensure that the culture and identity of all ethnic groups which make up the Colombian nation are treated equally . In addition , the Directorate of Black Communities and Ethnic and Cultural Minorities reporting to the Ministry of the Interior has   followed   through the implementation of the rules provided for under article 33 of Act No. 70 -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , cited previously . The measures envisaged under this Act should promote efforts to combat the dissemination of racial prejudices effectively in the media , including privately-owned media outlets that broadcast programmes such as Sbados felices .
 We will look carefully at the strategies proposed in the road map for the implementation of the Millennium Declaration . We have   followed   very closely , and supported , the Secretary-General 's efforts to improve the Secretariat 's ability to support peacekeeping operations . We continue to be among the leading contributors of troops and police to those operations .
 They also acknowledge that crises were staged to justify the continuous aggression against Iraq by those States , which falsified facts relating to earlier Iraqi programmes , even going so far as to use the Special Commission to contaminate remaining Iraqi warheads with VX chemicals . Yet the United Nations    following   American policy , which is inimical to Iraq  has not taken any measures to investigate this shameful exploitation of its work and mechanisms , nor has it taken any steps to bring justice to Iraq ; to halt the use of United Nations mechanisms to harm it ; or to punish those who are responsible for harming it . Thirdly , all fair-minded States  including three of the permanent members of the Security Council  have stated that the file on the disarmament of Iraq has been closed , and that the time has come to implement paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , on the establishment of a zone free of weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East , and paragraph 22 , on the lifting of the sanctions against Iraq .
 My plans for this will lead me to discuss also the question of the follow-on mission and the sensitive but increasingly urgent task of what we call managing expectations . In public administration it is my intention to   follow   much the same pattern as in the political transition . In other words , I want to spend the time that we have between now and independence bringing the international component of the public administration down to a size and a shape that will allow a seamless transfer of power to a national structure that is credible , effective and adequately staffed .
 As indicated in document A/55/178 , table 4 , List of organizations financed by the Fund in 2000 , the Fund provided financial assistance in 2000 to several non-governmental organizations assisting victims of torture and members of their families in Uganda . The   following   are the concluding observations of the mission . International agreements and their implementation
 Currently , the control self-assessment process includes the completion of an action plan , which is required of management at the end of each control self-assessment exercise . For the results of the control self-assessment conducted in 1999 , which had action plans , and those conducted in 2000 , the Office will initiate a formal process , effective 2001 , for identifying and   following   up management actions to implement the recommendations . The Office will also identify the negative impact on service delivery of these additional efforts , which are subject to overall availability of resources .
 Public procurement provides major opportunities for corruption , both active and passive . Corruption is more likely to occur in conditions where contracts can be awarded without transparent or competitive procedures , where there is limited availability of information on contracts or where other elements of due process , such as clear selection criteria and bidding rules , are not   followed   . There is a need for transparency and predictability in public procurement .
 It also called for follow-up to the recommendation contained in paragraph 12 . His delegation noted with satisfaction the cost savings realized through internal printing at Headquarters and at Geneva and hoped that other organizations of the system would   follow   suit . Table 6 of document A/55/132 , comparing internal and external printing costs , gave a clear picture of the potential savings .
 The seminar discussed the possible forms of such a text . The   following   suggestions were made : a declaration , guiding principles or a declaration of guiding principles . Without making a firm commitment to any specific form of text , the majority of the participants were clearly in
 Having been seriously libelled by the Amnesty International report , the Government is entitled to be informed of the material put forward to support the outrageous charge that hundreds of people were killed . The Government therefore made a request to the Commission , to the effect that any such document , if any existed , which it received from any party whatsoever , should be transmitted to the Government in order to guarantee that an adversarial procedure was   followed   . This has not been done .
 In all of these countries , however , death sentences were imposed during the period under review and in several of them imprisoned persons on capital conviction remained on death row . The Government of Jamaica indicated that it might   follow   Trinidad and Tobago and resume executions . Seven other countries that did not reply to the survey also became de facto abolitionist by the end of 1999 , providing that the absence of reports of judicial executions since l989 are correct : Benin , Burkina Faso , Gabon , Lao People 's Democratic Republic , Mauritania , Swaziland and Yugoslavia .
 Bulgaria , which became abolitionist for all crimes in 1998 , also did not answer any of these questions . Thirty-seven countries stated that , during the survey period 1994-1998 , they had made efforts to keep abreast of the international debate on the death penalty and/or   followed   the work of United Nations bodies on the subject . They included 13 of the retentionist and de facto abolitionist countries -LRB- Antigua and Barbuda , Bahrain , Barbados , Belarus , Chile , Iraq , Japan , Morocco , Myanmar , Rwanda , Thailand , Togo and Turkey -RRB- , but not the Comoros , Indonesia , Lebanon and the Niger .
 93 and 94 and related table -RRB- . The Committee was informed that individuals taking part in this work , who are financed by general temporary assistance , must be highly skilled in the tasks to be carried out . The Advisory Committee intends to   follow   up on this matter. Accordingly , for each section of the proposed programme budget for 2003-2004 , using , as a starting point , the allocation of general temporary assistance shown in the table following paragraph 94 of the Introduction , there should be an indication of the results achieved in the elimination of the backlog of the Repertory , as well as an indication of future measures to be taken and their cost . Overall position of the Advisory Committee on the initial estimates for the biennium 2002-2003
 The number of extrabudgetary posts would remain at 14 for the biennium 2002-2003 . VI.31 The Advisory Committee was informed that the Agency had experienced programme delivery difficulties because of the situation in the area ; the Committee will   follow   up on this matter in the context of its consideration of the UNRWA budget in the autumn of 2001 . VI.32 The Advisory Committee finds that the results-based budgeting concept is reflected better in this budget section than in a number of others ; the expected accomplishments are better drafted , and some indicators of achievement are measurable .
 Another important UNITA figure is Leon Dias in Ireland . His activities are also being closely   followed   by the Mechanism because he is considered to be instrumental for UNITA satellite and Internet communications . Adalberto da Costa Jr. in Italy and Joo Vahekeni in Switzerland continue to operate as active and prominent UNITA representatives , especially in the propaganda field .
 We were disappointed by the recent announcement by the United States that it is to withdraw from certain activities under the Treaty and not reconsider its position on ratification . We appeal to all countries that have not done so to sign and ratify the Treaty unconditionally and without delay , and hope in particular that the United States and China will soon   follow   the United Kingdom , France and Russia . We are strongly committed to the universality of the Chemical Weapons Convention -LRB- CWC -RRB- and expect full and effective implementation of its provisions by all States parties .
 4 UNCTAD , Trade and Development Report 2000 -LRB- Sales No . 5 Unless otherwise stated , the   following   is based on UNCTAD , 2000 , UNCTAD , 1999 , and UNCTAD , 1998 . 6 UNCTAD , World Investment Report 2000 -LRB- Sales No .
 33 and 34 -RRB- . Language along the following lines could be considered for a revised article 5 , subparagraph -LRB- g -RRB- : Priority means the right of a person in preference to the right of a competing claimant and includes the determination whether the right is a property right or not , whether it is a security right for indebtedness or other obligation or not and any steps necessary to render a right effective against a competing claimant . If the Commission decides to   follow   such an approach , article 24 would read as follows : With the exception of matters that are settled elsewhere in this Convention and subject to articles 25 and 26 , the law of the State in which the assignor is located governs :
 Such an approach would ensure a higher degree of certainty and uniformity as to the scope of the draft Convention . If such an approach is   followed   , the potential impact of article 4 , paragraph 4 would be limited to future practices . As a result , it may be easier for the Commission to decide whether to retain or delete this provision .
 Self-sustainment Requirements for self-sustainment are included in the cost estimates for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002 and are estimated at $ 33 , 400 , as   follows   : Staffing requirements
 An account of the Committee 's discussion is contained in the relevant summary records -LRB- A/C.3/56/SR.8-12 , 19 , 21 , 25 and 29 -RRB- . For its consideration of the item , the Committee had before it the   following   documents : -LRB- a -RRB- Relevant sections of the report of the Economic and Social Council for 2001 ;
 -LRB- g -RRB- Energy-related issues in transportation . At its first session , the Group of Experts adopted this agenda item as a focus for its deliberations , during the second session , on the   following   key issues of energy for sustainable development : -LRB- a -RRB- accessibility of energy ; -LRB- b -RRB- energy efficiency ; -LRB- c -RRB- renewable energy ; -LRB- d -RRB- advanced fossil fuel technologies ; -LRB- e -RRB- nuclear energy technologies ; -LRB- f -RRB- rural energy ; and -LRB- g -RRB- energy-related issues in transportation . At its first session , the Group of Experts identified the solicitation of views of Governments on these key issues as work to be undertaken in preparation for its second session .
 At its 713th and 714th meetings -LRB- see CRC/C/SR.713 and 714 -RRB- , held on 1 June 2001 , the Committee on the Rights of the Child considered the revised initial report of the United Republic of Tanzania -LRB- CRC/C/8/Add.14/ Rev.1 -RRB- , which was submitted on 20 October 1999 . Tanzania 's initial report was submitted in 1994 , but the Committee requested a more comprehensive report   following   the guidelines for the submission of State party reports . The Committee adopted at the 721st meeting , held on 8 June 2001 , the following concluding observations with respect to the revised initial report of Tanzania .
 We see it as analogous to the special powers that democratic Governments enact to counter terrorism . We hope that it will be   followed   up and effectively implemented . The attack on the Legislative Assembly , which took place two days after resolution 1373 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- was adopted and is a deliberate challenge to it , will be the first test of the willingness of States to abide by the responsibilities that the Council has now made mandatory and of the resolve of the Council and the international community to back up their words with deeds , because paragraph 2 -LRB- d -RRB- of resolution 1373 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- demands that States
 Annex Experts from the   following   States members of UNCTAD attended the Meeting : The following intergovernmental organizations were represented at the Meeting :
 In preparing the Model Law , the Working Group noted that it would be useful to provide in a commentary additional information concerning the Model Law .  Following   the approach taken in the preparation of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce , there was general support for a suggestion that the new Model Law should be accompanied by a guide to assist States in enacting and applying that Model Law . The guide , much of which could be drawn from the travaux prparatoires of the Model Law , would also be helpful to other users of the Model Law .
 It is important to identify the connecting points for civil society organizations to interface with government agencies in the budgeting process . Given limited government revenues for social and economic policy , it is important to   follow   some general rules , priorities and sequencing . The establishment of a mechanism at the national level to ensure that resources are made available for pre-determined priorities has proved to be extremely useful .
 Policies and measures will be pursued in line with the following goals and targets : Actions by LDCs and the development partners in pursuing the above targets will be along the   following   lines : -LRB- i -RRB- Actions by LDCs
 These forums are critical to ensuring genuine consensus and national ownership of national programmes of action and need to be fully supported . Other LDCs should   follow   this example by developing such national forums . The National Preparatory Committees set up for the preparations for the Conference with the participation of representatives from the public sector and the civil society , including the private sector , should be incorporated into these forums .
 The examination of the report of the Security Council has always been the main mechanism at the General Assembly 's disposal , under the provisions of the Charter , to assess the activity of the Security Council throughout the period covered in the report . This mechanism also enables the General Assembly to identify the measures that should be taken in order to make the necessary improvements to the working methods of that body in a way that faithfully   follows   the letter and the spirit of the Charter and also meets the expectations of the Member States of the Organization . The annual debate on the report is also an opportunity of which I think the Security Council should fully avail itself , by making concrete use of the innovative and constructive ideas that emerge in the course of this debate in order to enhance its effectiveness and credibility and to lend tangible form to its interaction with the General Assembly .
 38.3.1 Purpose This section presents the procedures to be   followed   for the classification of lithium cells and batteries -LRB- see UN Nos. 3090 and 3091 , and the applicable special provisions of Chapter 3.3 of the Model Regulations -RRB- . 38.3.2 Scope
 The Government rejected the suggestion by FAO to include FAO observers on board during the spraying . FAO brought the matter to the attention of the Committee and in a letter dated 8 May 2001 addressed to the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations , the Chairman of the Committee drew attention to the earlier authorization by the Committee for FAO to undertake the aerial spraying activities in Iraq on the understanding that all procedures established by the Committee for such operations would be   followed   as in previous years . In view of the timing of the operation and taking into account the wish of the Government of Iraq , the Committee was ready to authorize Iraqi pilots to be used , provided FAO observers would be permitted on board each and every such flight during the operation and that all other elements of the established procedures remain intact .
 The impact of the National Programme for the Advancement of Women on poverty should also be discussed . In the preparation of the fourth report , care should also be taken to   follow   the Committee 's guidelines more closely . Ms. Kim said that , on the whole , the new institutional machinery for the advancement of women appeared to be in order , and the participation of women in drafting the new Constitution was particularly welcome .
 While a State had not ratified the relevant international convention the national judge might not apply the international norm . Therefore , in assessing effectiveness , there were two stages : first , when the judge first applied the international norm -LRB- sometimes   following   the jurisprudence of the higher courts -RRB- and second , when he became accustomed to applying them as a matter of ordinary law . Mr. Sik Yuen observed that the paper covered a very broad range of issues .
 Trend data available for 53 developing countries suggest there has been only a modest increase in coverage between 1989 and 1999 . Progress was greatest in countries of the Middle East and North Africa ,   followed   by Asia , and Latin America and the Caribbean . In sub-Saharan Africa , where the highest rates of maternal mortality are found , coverage of care has stagnated , and in some countries the rates have actually declined .
 These forums are critical to ensuring genuine consensus and national ownership of national programmes of action and need to be fully supported . Other LDCs should   follow   this example by developing such national forums . The National Preparatory Committees set up for the preparations for the Conference with the participation of representatives from the public sector and the civil society , including the private sector , should be incorporated into these forums .
 At the first session , the Assembly should also adopt the documents recommended by the Commission . The subsequent session of the Assembly2 could   follow   the first as soon as practicable , taking into account the availability of conference facilities and the completion of interim activities such as the preparation of documents and nomination processes . The inaugural Meeting of the Court at which the judges and the Prosecutor will be sworn in , could be held shortly after the subsequent session of the Assembly of States Parties .
 In keeping with established practice , the Chairman of the Preparatory Commission is appointing focal points who will be responsible for coordinating the preparation of initial draft texts . Given the rapid pace of ratifications , it would also be useful to   follow   the past practice of inter-sessional open-ended experts meetings in order to facilitate the work of the Commission . Interlocutor mechanism with the host country
 -LRB- g -RRB- Prevent the movement of terrorists or terrorist groups by effective border controls and controls on issuance of identity papers and travel documents , and through measures for preventing counterfeiting , forgery or fraudulent use of identity papers and travel documents ; In order to prevent the counterfeiting of passports , Andorra   follows   the rules of the International Civil Aviation Organization -LRB- ICAO -RRB- regarding official travel documents . These rules have been followed since 19 April 1995 , even before Andorra 's adherence -LSB- to them -RSB- on 26 January 2001 .
 Many delegations welcomed the improvement in the regular resources of UNDP although the level remained inadequate .  Following   the example of the Administrator , several delegations appealed to the donor community to summon political will and to contribute generously so that the organization could attend adequately to the overarching Millennium Declaration goal of halving absolute poverty by 2015 . Some delegations recommitted themselves to maintaining or raising their contributions to the core budget of UNDP .
 A society in which a president could be elected without a majority of the popular vote was not a democracy . A social system in which 22 per cent of the children lived in poverty , 40 million people lacked medical insurance and 36 million people lived below the poverty line could not possibly offer an example to be   followed   . The arrogance of the United States would be laughable if it did not go along with pressure and threats and even , in the case of Cuba , a virtual economic and political war .
 Such surveys facilitate the task of policy makers in integrating volunteer contributions into their planning . A United Nations Volunteers tool kit describing the procedures to be   followed   to measure volunteering was made available online on the day of the panel . Research should also address the social benefits of volunteering , such as social cohesion and inclusion .
 The young people said they were convinced that their joint efforts and their cross-border links would greatly help to change people 's attitudes . The Special Rapporteur welcomes this initiative , which , she hopes , will be   followed   by other young people , either by joining the existing network or by creating other similar networks . She also hopes the networks will extend beyond the African continent .
 Since it seems entirely unlikely that the Permanent Representative of Turkey is unfamiliar with these historical facts , it is abundantly clear that this is a deliberate falsification and juggling of the historical and political realities .  Following   the logic of the Permanent Representative of Turkey , one would have to conclude that official Ankara was behind the attempt on the life of the Pope committed in 1981 by Ali Agca , a member of the Turkish ultra-nationalist terrorist organization Grey Wolves , whose political wing is part of the current government coalition . I think it is necessary to point out that , for us , the Turkish side 's motives for such inappropriate actions are perfectly clear .
 Let me also say that we were supposed to have a very quiet , sleepy month in August , but it turned out to be quite busy and hectic .  Following   your suggestion , Mr. President , that we should make brief , focused , frank interventions , I will confine myself to making three points and will not cover the whole agenda for the month . I wanted to highlight the following three points because I thought they were noteworthy .
 Our region gave birth to the greatest prophets , their moral dictums setting the moral fabric of our society . They have guided us to trust and   follow   reason and realism . But we were forced to follow funerals more than reason .
 Sixteen projects , or 67 per cent of the projects , cited police and security as the target of the projects , followed by 10 citations for strategic planning -LRB- 42 per cent -RRB- and the courts with 8 mentions -LRB- 33 per cent -RRB- . The most frequently cited form of assistance was the provision of expertise and the most often cited fields of project assistance were international cooperation and international standards and human rights , with 13 of the 24 projects targeting those fields ,   followed   by criminal information collection and analysis and criminal investigations , with 11 citations each . Nine projects dealt with organized crime , four targeted corruption and a further four trafficking in persons. None of the projects covered any of the
 Addendum Pursuant to rule 11 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council , the Secretary-General is submitting the   following   summary statement . The list of items of which the Security Council is seized is contained in documents S/2001/15 of 19 March 2001 , S/2001/15/Add.3 of 28 March 2001 , S/2001/15/Add.5 of 2 April 2001 , S/2001/15/Add.6 of 4 April 2001 , S/2001/15/Add.7 of 6 April 2001 , S/2001/15/Add.10 of 13 April 2001 , S/2001/15/Add.20 of 25 May 2001 , S/2001/15/Add.26 of 6 July 2001 and S/2001/15/Add.35 of 1 September 2001 .
 The meeting recommended that the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women :  Develop general recommendations that addressed how women and girls experienced discrimination based on racism , related intolerance and other forms of discrimination   following   General Recommendation XXV27 on gender-related dimensions of racial discrimination of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination ;  Ensure that the intersection of gender and race discrimination was acknowledged , investigated and addressed while considering the reports of the States .
 The Afghan parties , especially the Taliban , were called upon to guarantee the secure and uninterrupted supply of humanitarian aid to all of those in need . The President of the Council urged the Taliban to conduct a thorough investigation and to bring to justice those responsible for deliberate killings of civilians in Hazarajat in central Afghanistan and requested the Secretariat to   follow   this issue closely . He again called upon all factions to respect the rights of the civilian population and to comply with international humanitarian norms and standards in the conflict .
 They also noted the Secretary-General 's assessment that exemption mechanisms for humanitarian assistance were functioning smoothly and that humanitarian operations had not been disrupted by the sanctions . Bearing in mind the extreme vulnerability of the Afghan population , the members emphasized that some potentially negative factors should be closely   followed   in the future . The members reiterated their serious concern at the desperate situation of the Afghan people , who were suffering under a combination of escalating conflict and displacement , severe drought , frigid winter weather , and serious food shortages , particularly in remote areas of the country .
 Outputs 10.18 During the biennium 2002-2003 , the   following   outputs will be delivered : -LRB- a -RRB- Substantive activities
 Recommendation of the Sixth Committee The Sixth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft decision : Observer status for Partners in Population and Development in the General Assembly
 With the massive reduction of opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan , the producer countries ' share of global production changed significantly -LRB- see figures 3 and 4 -RRB- . In 2000 , Afghanistan accounted for about 70 per cent of global opium production ; it was   followed   by Myanmar -LRB- 23 per cent -RRB- . Other Asian countries , including the Lao People 's Democratic Republic , Pakistan , Thailand and Viet Nam , together accounted for 5 per cent of global production , and Latin America -LRB- Colombia and Mexico -RRB- accounted for 2 per cent .
 Northern Africa Most sub-Saharan countries in the region reported heavy dependence on fuelwood ,   followed   by petroleum . There is still a need for expansion of the electricity grid for rural households , although overall domestic use of electricity and gas has been increasing .
 Challenges Austria reported a need for immediate attention to the transport sector with regard to CO2 emissions ,   followed   by the residential sector . Major challenges include coordination of energy policies between the federal and State Governments , as well as with EU .
 Latin America and the Caribbean The   following   nations have submitted information to the Commission : the Bahamas -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Barbados -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , Brazil -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , Colombia -LRB- 1997 , 2000 -RRB- , Costa Rica -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Cuba -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Guyana -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , Mexico -LRB- 2000 -RRB- and Venezuela -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . Those that have not submitted information include : Antigua and Barbuda , Argentina , Belize , Bolivia , Chile , Dominica , the Dominican Republic , Ecuador , El Salvador , Grenada , Guatemala , Haiti , Honduras , Jamaica , Nicaragua , Panama , Paraguay , Peru , Saint Kitts and Nevis , Saint Lucia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , Suriname , Trinidad and Tobago , and Uruguay .
 Indonesia reported an annual energy use increase of 9.5 per cent , as compared with a 2 per cent global increase and a 4 per cent increase among Association of Southeast Asian Nations -LRB- ASEAN -RRB- member countries . The industrial sector consumes most of the energy produced ,   followed   by the transportation sector . Japan reported diversification of its energy sources , with growing shares of nuclear and natural gas .
 Only by doing what is right for children today can we build a solid foundation for peace and security tomorrow.  Following   this idea , the Government of Slovenia , together with a non-governmental organization , Slovene Philanthropy , decided to launch an initiative called Together : the Regional Centre for the Psychological Well-being of Children . Thus we have gone from worthy statements to real deeds .
 It is important to stress that , between July 2000 and December 2001 , SUGEF evaluated 20 financial entities -LRB- three State banks , one bank established by a special law , two cooperatives and 14 private banks -RRB- . For 2002 , it will begin the on-site inspection of the remaining entities -LRB- three private banks , 16 non-bank financial institutions , 26 cooperatives , one friendly society and two foreign exchange offices -RRB- , and will continue to   follow   up on the recommendations made to the entities already evaluated . Since the promulgation of external circular No. 16/98 and , subsequently , external circular No. 15-2001 , which abolishes it , entities subject to regulation by the Superintendents ' Offices have implemented the system of so-called warning signs to ensure that their staff are able to detect operations which , owing to their nature or their unusual amounts , may be considered suspicious .
 Activities of the Working Group during 2001 Throughout the year , the members of the Working Group have   followed   with concern the difficulties experienced by the Agency and , in particular , the serious financial situation it continued to face . The Working Group held two meetings , on 14 September and 3 October 2001 , to consider the recent developments in the Agency 's financial situation and to prepare its report to the General Assembly .
 There too , though there is a Government in place , it is the United Nations that determines local needs and how they shall be met . The oil-for-food programme is post-conflict peace-building of sorts , but no one  neither the Secretariat , nor the Brahimi Panel , nor the vast literature on this subject - ever refers to the United Nations experiment in Iraq as a precedent to   follow   . But if Iraq is sui generis , so too are Kosovo and East Timor .
 The quarterly is printed in 13 , 000 copies and distributed throughout the world free of charge .  Following   a recommendation of the final report of the external review of the OHCHR publications programme , the publication of the quarterly review has been temporarily discontinued , but with the possibility of relaunching it in the future . Ad hoc publications
 The Chairperson of the Panel of Experts on the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources and Other Forms of Wealth of the Democratic Republic of the Congo briefed Council members on the Panel 's report on 18 April . Council members agreed that the report highlighted issues of serious concern that must be   followed   up and that the Panel 's recommendations should be considered in the wider context of the peace process . The need was emphasized for an open debate to allow those named to respond .
 They also insisted on respect for Security Council resolutions 425 -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and 1337 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . Council members will continue to   follow   the situation in the region very closely . Democratic Republic of the Congo -LRB- 18 April 2001 -RRB-
 There were three such meetings during October , concerning UNIKOM , MONUC and UNTAET .  Following   the meeting with the troop-contributing countries to MONUC , Ireland initiated the first implementation of paragraph 6 of section B of annex II of resolution 1353 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- which states : The following arrangements will be made to ensure timely and appropriate communication of the concerns and views of troop-contributing countries , as expressed at the consultation meetings , to the members of the Security Council so that these concerns and views can receive due consideration :
 A brutal Jewish campaign was launched against a British journalist , Robert Fisk , who exposed Israeli practices in southern Lebanon and Palestine . Fisk pointed out that if a journalist in the West wants to escape criticism he must   follow   the rules prescribed by the Israelis  as if Israel is the party that is under siege and occupied and the Palestinians are the party engaging in violence and forcing their children to be killed . Nobody asks why Israeli soldiers kill so many children and young people .
 The most important thing now is to work in earnest to translate these ideas into reality . In conclusion , we appreciate the importance of cooperation and coordination towards a systematic , collective , effective response in the United Nations framework , through a broad consensus on eradicating terrorism , and we call on all States to   follow   the example of those States that have already committed themselves to rooting out terrorism . Perhaps this session of the General Assembly will be an opportune occasion to begin an intense dialogue that will contribute to creating an integrated collective system to combat terrorism in the political , economic , technological and legal spheres , and to address the root causes that provide fertile soil for the spread of this phenomenon .
 The debate as to whether caste is or is not derived from Hindu scriptures need not detain us because 85 per cent of India 's 1 billion people remain Hindu . Only a few million   followed   Dr. Ambedkar and became Buddhists . Lesser numbers became converts to Christianity and Islam .
 As a sign of their support , a number of OECD/DAC donors indicated at the meeting an intention to increase regular funding commitments for 2001 . It is anticipated that more countries will be able to   follow   this positive lead in confirming increased contributions to regular resources for 2001 and beyond , thereby enabling UNDP to build on and start to harvest the financial dividend of the renewed political support to UNDP , within the context of MYFF . Meeting the regular resource targets agreed within MYFF , however , continues to be the most critical challenge for the UNDP Executive Board and for all members of UNDP .
 The Committee was now being presented only with an indication of how those amounts were going to be charged to the contingency fund and the balance that remained in the fund . The Advisory Committee had considered the report and had concluded that the Secretary-General had   followed   the proper procedure , including the proper interpretation of the use of the fund for the amounts in question . If any question remained as to whether or not an amount should be charged to the fund , he or the representative of the Secretary-General would be happy to respond .
 It took note with satisfaction of the information provided by the delegation of Equatorial Guinea and by the Deputy Secretary-General of ECCAS with regard to the convening in Luanda in October 2000 of the meeting of experts responsible for finalizing the protocol setting up the network of parliamentarians , as well as its subsequent adoption in November 2000 in Luanda by the presiding officers of the various national parliaments . A mandate was given to the Bureau of the Committee to continue to   follow   developments and to report on them at the next meeting . E. Establishment of the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa
 The President : We turn now to the agenda which the General Committee recommends for adoption by the General Assembly . In accordance with past practice , we shall   follow   the numbering given in paragraph 70 of the General Committee 's report contained in document A/56/250 and , where it seems appropriate , we shall consider items in groups . I should like to remind members once again that , at present , we are not discussing the substance of any item , except when such discussion can assist the Assembly in deciding whether or not to include an item in the agenda .
 Wages in the highest-paid sector are 3.6 times higher than in the lowest-paid sector . By form of ownership , the highest-paid are employees who work for foreign private undertakings ,   followed   by public servants and employees working for Estonian private undertakings . Equal pay for equal work
 The number of diseases and first incidences diagnosed by health-care establishments and private physicians has been increasing . Adults are most often hospitalized because of diseases of the circulatory system ,   followed   by digestive diseases . Children are most often hospitalized because of respiratory diseases , followed by infectious and parasitic diseases .
 Information received from Governments Information received from Governments is presented in the present section of the report as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- a complete table listing all the replies received by the Secretary-General , and -LRB- b -RRB- individual replies of Governments . Where appropriate , the relevant parts of notes verbales are also reproduced .
 CODHES points out that the 53 massacres - in which 285 lost their lives - that occurred when the flood of displaced people was at its highest were directly related to people 's abandonment of their homes . CODHES reports that the paramilitaries continued to be chiefly responsible for forced displacements over the first six months of 2000 , accounting for 49 per cent of the total ,   followed   by the guerrillas with 28 per cent and the military forces with 5 per cent . Displacements caused by parties unknown increased markedly over the year , to 16 per cent ; this suggests that the armed factions wish to conceal their identity and avoid admitting responsibility for the violence that is causing displacement .
 During the year shortlists of candidates for appointment as magistrates to the higher courts were drawn up . The Office has   followed   with concern reports that the justice system is being politicized since that would impede access to the courts by people not susceptible to lobbying or lacking political ties to the traditional parties . In addition , the Controller-General of the Republic has released highly critical reports on the way public resources are managed within judicial bodies .
 These forums are critical to ensuring genuine consensus and national ownership of national programmes of action and need to be fully supported . Other LDCs should   follow   this example by developing such national forums . The National Preparatory Committees , set up for the preparations for the Conference with the participation of representatives from the public sector and the civil society , including the private sector , should be incorporated into these forums .
 E. Food security and right to food As part of its cooperation agreement with the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations -LRB- FAO -RRB- , IPU is   following   up on its earlier parliamentary conference on food security which it organized in cooperation with FAO and the Italian Parliament in Rome in November 1998 . The Union is currently mobilizing national parliaments in support of the World Food Summit : five years later scheduled to be held in November 2001 .
 The economy of Guam is also influenced by global economic trends , and in particular by the economies of the United States and Japan . Given the importance of tourism to the Territory 's economy , and the importance within the tourism sector of the Japanese market , the Guam economy tends to   follow   Japan 's business cycle rather than that of the United States ; Japan provided 53.9 per cent of the imports in 1999 . Forecasters project economic slowdowns in both the United States and Japan for 2001 .
 Naipaul and Annan do not reject the failures of the world , but challenge us to address them . We , collectively , could do worse than to   follow   their example . The Acting President -LRB- spoke in French -RRB- : I call on His Excellency Mr. Koffi Panou , Minister for Foreign Affairs and Cooperation of the Republic of Togo .
 We welcome recent initiatives to remove trade distortions and to give the least developed countries duty-free and quota-free market access . We urge all developed countries to   follow   suit , and encourage middle-income countries to improve market access conditions for the least developed countries . We welcome the Global Compact initiative of the Secretary-General of the United Nations .
 As recommended by Agenda 21 , an intergovernmental negotiating committee was established for the elaboration of an international convention to combat desertification . The convention was finalized in 1994.8   Following   up on other recommendations , the General Assembly decided to convene , in 1994 , the first Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States . The statement of principles for a global consensus on the management , conservation and sustainable development of all types of forests adopted by the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development9 has been , since then , the basis for continued intergovernmental policy dialogue .
 To that end , the Administrative Committee for Coordination established , as its standing subsidiary body , the Inter-Agency Committee on Sustainable Development . To organize its work , the Committee   followed   a decentralized allocation of responsibilities : a number of organizations or inter-agency mechanisms were designated task managers for various programme areas of Agenda 21 where they had particular expertise to facilitate the coordination task of the Committee . The task managers are responsible , in particular for information exchange , catalysing joint activities and preparing , in collaboration with concerned organizations , coordinated reports on activities to follow up Agenda 21 .
 The Subcommittee is coordinating the development of the United Nations Atlas of the Oceans , a web and CD-ROM-based catalogue of information on all aspects of the oceans . In addition , in 2000 , the Chair of the Subcommittee and several members participated in the new United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea , established by the General Assembly in its resolution 54/33 of 24 November 1999   following   the recommendation of the Commission at its seventh session . Regarding the earlier difficulties in this area , members of the Inter-Agency Committee stated to OIOS that in such cases they would have expected the Division for Sustainable Development to be aware of problems of coordination as they arose and to propose early remedies to the organizations involved .
 OHCHR contribution : US $ 232 , 215 Activities : The activities of the National Plan of Action for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights have been   followed   up locally . An independent PEM is expected to take place between 26 November and 4 December 2000 .
 Lastly , while recognizing the need for greater human and financial resources , he believed that priorities must be set in the Commission 's work programme so that it could sustain its workload . Mr. Ogarrio Ramrez-Espaa -LRB- Mexico -RRB- , Chairman of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law , speaking of the Commission 's work at its most recent session , stressed the importance of the adoption of the draft Convention on the Assignment of Receivables in International Trade , which would allow international capital to flow safely to other countries in the knowledge that the conditions governing receivables would be adequate and would simplify the procedure that developing countries must   follow   to obtain credit . Furthermore , the Commission 's Model Law on Electronic Signatures provided a broad range of solutions to a current problem .
 First of all , the recruitment of members of minority groups constitutes a guarantee of the neutrality that should characterize a police force . In addition , because of the authority that an institution such as the police represents within a social structure , its composition must be a model and an example to be   followed   . This means that shaping a multi-ethnic force serves other purposes as well .
 It might serve a purpose for diverting popular attention from the domestic front , but it is manifestly reckless and dangerous . Under the circumstances , we call on the United Nations , as a co-guarantor of the Algiers Peace Agreement , to shoulder its full responsibility to ensure that the Agreement is scrupulously   followed   . The Security Council should send an unambiguous message to Eritrea to immediately desist from all actions that endanger the peace process .
 Its main activity is disseminating ECLAC and United Nations information throughout the region , including organizing press conferences and issuing press releases , producing and disseminating booklets and information kits about ECLAC and the United Nations , placing opinion pieces in the region 's media , producing and editing a bimonthly newsletter and attending to journalists and the general public . 19.37 During the biennium 2002-2003 , the   following   outputs will be delivered : -LRB- a -RRB- Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies -LRB- RB -RRB-
 Outputs 19.52 During the biennium 2002-2003 , the   following   outputs will be delivered : -LRB- a -RRB- Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies -LRB- RB -RRB- .
 In the case of UNTAET , as in the case of UNEF/UNDOF and other more recent peacekeeping operations , including the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic -LRB- MINURCA -RRB- , there are currently certain amounts obligated for reimbursement to Governments for death and disability compensation , contingent-owned equipment and self-sustainment that will be required for the settlement of claims . Accordingly , it is proposed that special arrangements with regard to article IV of the Financial Regulations of the United Nations similar to those contained in the annex to General Assembly resolution 53/238 of 8 June 1999 related to MINURCA be applied to UNTAET , as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- At the end of the 12-month period provided for in regulation 4.3 , any unliquidated obligations of the financial period in question relating to goods supplied and services rendered by Governments for which claims have been received or which are covered by established reimbursement rates shall be transferred to accounts payable ; such accounts payable shall remain recorded in the special account until payment is effected ;
 The station would provide data on the characteristics and dynamics of natural freshwater , coastal and marine resources and habitats and the ongoing discharges of oily and other wastes into the marine environment through the acquisition of satellite data on a region-wide scale and provide information and/or image analyses and interpretation to member States . Using RADARSAT space technology coupled with the European Remote Sensing -LRB- ERS -RRB- -1 and 2 satellites and NOAA-AVHRR , the station would provide the region with a powerful system that has a wide geographical coverage , longer observation time and the ability to observe and track oil spills for a longer period and to map and   follow   up coastal changes , assess habitats , measure oceanographic parameters , such as chlorophyll , temperature and turbidity , and map terrestrial ecosystems . Training and exchange of experience and expertise in the region is another major objective of the project in establishing the station .
 Figure VI shows the breakdown of staff by department and/or office . Nearly 60 per cent of all Secretariat staff serve in eight departments and offices.3 In New York , the Department of Management employs the most staff -LRB- 11.2 per cent -RRB- , closely   followed   by the Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services -LRB- 10.5 per cent -RRB- . The United Nations Office at Geneva has the most staff of all offices away from Headquarters -LRB- 9.8 per cent -RRB- .
 More than 70 per cent of all staff come from 22 Member States . In the Secretariat , there are more than 400 nationals from each of the   following   seven Member States : United States of America , France , Kenya , the Philippines , United Kingdom , Russian Federation and Ethiopia . The inclusion of staff in the General Service and related categories increases staff from Member States and countries hosting headquarters and/or other major offices and regional commissions -LRB- Austria , Chile , Ethiopia , Lebanon , Kenya , Switzerland , Thailand and the United States -RRB- .
 Among 88 newly recruited Directors 34 were for the Field Administration and Logistics Division . That division accounted for 21.6 per cent of all recruitments between 1 July 2000 and 30 June 2001 ,   followed   by the United Nations Office at Geneva -LRB- 17.5 per cent of all recruitments -RRB- , the United Nations Office at Vienna -LRB- 8 per cent -RRB- , the Department of Public Information -LRB- 6.5 per cent -RRB- and ECA -LRB- 6.2 per cent -RRB- . Recruitments comprised short-term appointments and appointments of limited duration -LRB- 51.3 per cent , mostly for missions -RRB- , fixed-term appointments -LRB- 23.8 per cent -RRB- and new probationary appointments -LRB- 2.6 per cent -RRB- .
 As I mentioned at the previous meeting of the Committee , it is my intention , with the cooperation of members , and on the basis of past practice and precedents , to move from one cluster to another upon the completion of action on each cluster . Nevertheless , I hope that , while   following   this procedure and moving from one cluster to another , the Committee will maintain the desired degree of flexibility . I also want to draw the attention of the Committee to something that is repeated at every General Assembly session but is useful to recall : during this third phase  the decision-making stage  delegations will first have the opportunity to introduce revised draft resolutions with regard to any particular cluster .
 In accordance with the rules of procedure , sponsors of a given draft resolution are not permitted to make statements in explanation of vote on that draft resolution. Sponsors are allowed to make only general statements on a draft at the beginning of the discussion of the particular cluster . It is my intention to follow the procedure that I have just outlined  which should not come as a shock , because it is the usual practice that has always been   followed   in this Committee  when we start phase III , i.e. taking action on draft resolutions submitted under all agenda items . In the absence of objection , I shall take it that the Committee and the Chair will proceed accordingly .
 Letter dated 23 January 2001 from the Permanent Representative of the Gambia to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council Upon the instructions of my Government , in pursuance of my letter dated 28 December 2000 to you -LRB- S/2001/8 -RRB- , I have the honour to state as   follows   : While continuing to refute categorically any official involvement in the illegal trade of Sierra Leone diamonds , the Government of the Gambia has never denied that some individuals have been involved in this trade long before the Gambia became independent .
 Approximately 80 per cent of the 18 , 621 registered voters participated . The incumbent Gibraltar Social Democratic Party -LRB- GSD -RRB- obtained 58.35 per cent of the vote ,   followed   by the Gibraltar Socialist Labour Party/Liberal Party alliance -LRB- GSLP/Liberal -RRB- with 40.57 per cent , and independent candidates , with 1.08 per cent . Consequently , GSD won eight seats in the Territorial House of Assembly and the GSLP/Liberal alliance seven seats .
 On 18 June 1999 , together with the Special Rapporteur on freedom of opinion and expression , the Special Rapporteur addressed a letter to the Government of Malaysia concerning the alleged summary dismissal of Professor Chandra Muzaffar as the Director of the Centre for Civilizational Dialogue of the University of Malaya . She has not   followed   up that case because Mr. Muzaffar changed his profession and is no longer working in the field of education . The Special Rapporteur sent a letter to the Government of Sri Lanka on 11 August 1999 with a query about administrative requirements for admission to primary school .
 The Government sent its initial reply on 11 December 2000 , highlighting the main features of the right to education in the country , describing organizations working for the rights of the child , and confirming that social problems have been identified as an obstacle to children 's education , while not specifically responding to the issue which the Special Rapporteur raised . The Government has assured the Special Rapporteur that further information would be forthcoming and she will   follow   this up as soon as this is feasible . Overcoming widespread difficulties
 Kazakhstan 's position on the question of the complete elimination of the nuclear threat in the twenty-first century was clearly defined by the President of the Republic at the international conference dedicated to the tenth anniversary of the closing of the Semipalatinsk testing site . We call upon the Parliaments and Governments of the countries of the world to demonstrate ,   following   the example of Kazakhstan , their responsibility for the fate of mankind and to make a real contribution to the cause of nuclear disarmament . We consider that the Parliaments and Governments of the countries of the world community must take the necessary steps to ensure the complete destruction of nuclear weapons throughout the world .
 In my letter dated 10 November 2000 -LRB- S/2000/1096 -RRB- , I informed the Security Council that the Arusha Agreement of 28 August 2000 had entrusted to the United Nations the important and special role of chairing the Implementation Monitoring Committee . The responsibilities entrusted to the Committee included   following   up , monitoring , supervising and coordinating the implementation of the Agreement . I had hoped to submit to the Security Council shortly thereafter a proposal for an expanded mandate for the United Nations in Burundi and to indicate how the United Nations presence in the country could be strengthened to help it carry out the functions entrusted to it .
 On the domestic front , his Government had sought to improve the legal and economic instruments of environmental management and to promote a sustainable development by giving priority to investment in pollution prevention and various progressive environmental technologies ; and it would be working to improve the efficiency of the energy sector after accurately assessing the costs involved . In order to participate fully in the processes of globalization through the use of new technologies and innovations , the Central and Eastern European countries in general had to   follow   a three-pronged approach to development  economic , social and environmental  based on their specific domestic conditions . The International Conference on Financing for Development should result in a strategy for integrating countries at different stages of development into the world economy .
 A/CN.4/518/Add.1 , para . This draft guideline is worded as   follows   : Where necessary , the formal confirmation of a conditional interpretative declaration must be effected in the same manner .
 Following the paper trail and the chain of events : To satisfy the oft-repeated rhetoric Where is the evidence ?  , If you have evidence , show it , the Panel has traced the entire sequence of events starting from the origin of weapons to the end-destination using documentary evidence and direct eyewitness accounts of the persons involved . The Panel has in its possession the   following   documents concerning the planes involved in illegal arms supply to Liberia :  Copies of contracts signed by the contracting parties ;
 General issues As an initial working basis , the rules on contract formation in the preliminary draft convention contain provisions that   follow   the rules on the formation of contracts set forth by the United Nations Sales Convention . The advantage of the Convention 's rules on formation consists in their having demonstrated their workable character in an international environment beyond the confines of sales law .
 That phrase appears within square brackets since it might cause an expansion of the scope of application of the draft Convention beyond what was initially contemplated by the Working Group This provision   follows   an exclusion contained in article 2 subparagraph -LRB- a -RRB- of the United Nations Sales Convention , and in most instruments prepared by UNCITRAL . It reflects the initial understanding of the Working Group that the future instrument should not focus on consumer transactions -LRB- see above , paras .
 Variant A is proposed in the event that the Working Group would wish to include in the preliminary draft convention only a general provision on the recognition of electronic signatures , along the lines of article 7 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce .  Following   the example of recent uniform legislation enacting the Model Law in Canada -LRB- Uniform Electronic Commerce Act -RRB- and the United States -LRB- Uniform Electronic Transactions Act -RRB- , the definition of electronic signature in Variant A includes the notion of attribution , which is also used , although in a different context , in article 13 of the UNCITRAL Model Law -LRB- see also draft article 13 , paragraph 3 , Variant A -RRB- . Variant B reproduces the definition of electronic signature contained in article 2 -LRB- a -RRB- of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures -LRB- see A/CN.9/493 -RRB- .
 The draft paragraph is intended to reflect an opinion shared by many delegations participating at the thirty-eighth session of the Working Group that , when dealing with the location of the parties , the Working Group should take care to avoid devising rules that would result in any given party being considered as having its place of business in one country when contracting electronically and in another country when contracting by more traditional means -LRB- A/CN.9/484 , para . The draft paragraph   follows   the solution proposed in paragraph -LRB- 19 -RRB- of the preamble to the Directive 2000/31/EC of the European Union . The phrase within square brackets is intended to deal only with so-called virtual companies and not with natural persons , who are covered by the rule contained in draft paragraph 3 .
 They appear within square brackets , however , in the event that the Working Group finds that such additional clarification is not needed . Except for draft paragraph 4 , the rules contained in this draft article are based on article 15 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce , with some adjustments to harmonize the style of the individual provisions with the style used elsewhere in the draft Convention , which   follows   more closely the style of the United Nations Sales Convention . This draft paragraph deals with cases where both the originator and the addressee use the same communication system .
 The State party should also supply figures on the incidence of violence against women in the Netherlands Antilles and Aruba . Ms. Aouij commended the Netherlands for the establishment of a national rapporteur on traffic in persons and encouraged other European countries to   follow   suit . She enquired whether the rapporteur had prepared a report , and to what authority such a report would be submitted .
 As for the 1925 Geneva Protocol on the Prohibition of the Use in War of Asphyxiating , Poisonous or Other Gases , and of Bacteriological Methods of Warfare , Russia withdrew in December 2000 the reservations previously made by the Soviet Union with regard to this document . We would encourage other nations to   follow   our example . We view the Chemical Weapons Convention as an effective instrument for strengthening international peace and security , and we advocate ensuring its universal character .
 The proposed new budgeting methods could enhance the Organization 's ability to attain its objectives , increase the transparency of its activities for Member States and strengthen the link , currently too tenuous , between planning and budgeting . The new methods would bring a gradual change in perspective to budgetary debates , ensuring greater consistency between budget appropriations and the objectives stated in the medium-term plan and , by increasing the amount of information available , enhancing the ability of delegations to   follow   the activities of the Organization more closely and monitor the implementation of its mandates . As the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions -LRB- ACABQ -RRB- had noted , the change would require some effort .
 Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination During the year , having regard to the relevant provisions of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the Special Committee continued to   follow   the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination -LRB- see also paras. 73 and 74 below -RRB- . Specialized agencies and international institutions associated with the United Nations
 Introduction The Committee welcomes the submission of the initial report of the State party which   followed   the established guidelines . The Committee welcomes the written replies to its list of issues -LRB- CRC/C/Q/KEN/1 -RRB- , which allowed for a clearer understanding of the situation of children in the State party .
 The reform of the judiciary must not continue . The State party should furnish information on the number of judges removed during the process , the reasons for their removal , and the procedure   followed   . -LRB- 14 -RRB- The Committee 's concern about the independence of the judiciary extends to the information , delivered by the delegation , that article 275 of the Constitution empowers the National Ethics Council -LRB- Consejo Moral Republicano -RRB- comprising the Ombudsman , the Attorney-General and the Comptroller-General to issue warnings to judges , even those of the Supreme Court , and impose sanctions if those warnings are not heeded .
 My country has decided that it will join the consensus for the adoption the draft resolution on the Agreement for the Implementation of the Provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982 relating to the Conservation and Management of Straddling Fish Stocks and Highly Migratory Fish Stocks . Nevertheless , we would like to place on record the   following   comments before the draft resolution is adopted . My delegation would like to underscore that , along with that Agreement , the Food and Agricultural Organization -LRB- FAO -RRB- agreements on flagging and a Code of Conduct , as well as regional agreements and other declarations regarding State practices , are equally important .
 Article 4. Variation by agreement The text of draft article 4 as considered by the Working Group was as   follows   : Except as otherwise provided in these model legislative provisions , the parties may agree to exclude or vary any of these provisions.
 The matter was referred to the drafting group . At the close of the discussion , the Working Group agreed that , while other provisions of draft article 8 might be subject to contrary agreement between the parties , paragraph -LRB- 3 -RRB- should be regarded as setting a minimum standard. Thus , parties should not be allowed to agree on a different standard of conduct to be   followed   by conciliators . It was decided that an exception to the general application of draft article 4 should be made with respect to paragraph -LRB- 3 -RRB- of draft article 8 .
 That moment should therefore be defined in terms of the parties ' initiation of conciliation proceedings . Any failure of the parties to   follow   the court order would give rise to consequences that fell outside the scope of the draft Model Law . There was a concern that the drafting of the provision did not make a clear distinction between cases where the parties agreed to conciliate any future disputes that might arise between them and cases where the parties , after a dispute had arisen , agreed to request a third person to act as a conciliator in respect of that dispute .
 It had also organized two discussion days : one on children living in a world with HIV/AIDS ; and the other on State violence against children , during which it had recommended that the Secretary-General should be requested , through the General Assembly , to conduct an in-depth international study on violence against children . The Committee had , furthermore , continued to   follow   up themes discussed in previous thematic debates , namely issues of children and the media , and children with disabilities . Thus far , out of 153 initial reports and 43 periodic reports of States parties , the Committee had reviewed 137 .
 They would provide support for core information technology functions that relate to ongoing maintenance , project management , technology research , contract administration , help desk support and production control activities . The Advisory Committee questions this approach and believes that the most appropriate course to   follow   would be to dedicate a certain level of staff resources to the project and , once the project is completed , it could then be decided which of the posts would be retained on a permanent basis as established posts . The Committee therefore recommends that the eight new posts be established for the re-engineering project on a temporary basis .
 Let me applaud those who have already pledged contributions . I hope others will   follow   their example , during and after this special session . When we urge others to change their behaviour so as to protect themselves against infection , we must be ready to change our own behaviour in the public arena .
 WHO estimates that 340 million new cases of STI occurred in 1999 . The largest number of new infections occurred in Asia ,   followed   by sub-Saharan Africa and Latin America and the Caribbean -LRB- table 9 -RRB- . The highest rates of STI are generally found in urban men and women in their most sexually active years , that is to say , between the ages of 15 and 35 .
 It strongly supported the work of the Board of Auditors , which it commended . It was pleased that separate reports had been submitted on the International Criminal Tribunals for Rwanda and the Former Yugoslavia , and found it reassuring that the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions -LRB- ACABQ -RRB- would   follow   up on the recommendations made by the Board and by the Expert Group to Conduct a Review of the Effective Operation and Functioning of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda , in particular in respect of the use of courtrooms and control over legal defence costs . Her delegation was pleased to note that 69 per cent of the Board 's recommendations had been fully implemented and 26 per cent were in the process of being implemented .
 Commission on Human Rights During the year , the Special Committee closely   followed   the work of the Commission on Human Rights with regard to the question of the right of peoples to self-determination and its application to peoples under colonial domination , and to the question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms in any part of the world , with particular reference to colonial and other dependent Territories . The Special Committee further took into account the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly , including resolutions 55/77 , 55/80 , 55/85 , 55/104 and 55/108 of 4 December 2000 .
 Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination During the year , having regard to the relevant provisions of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the Special Committee continued to   follow   the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination -LRB- see also paras. 72 and 73 below -RRB- . Specialized agencies and international institutions associated with the United Nations
 Organization of African Unity Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the Organization of African Unity -LRB- OAU -RRB- on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of OAU . Caribbean Community
 Caribbean Community Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the Caribbean Community -LRB- CARICOM -RRB- on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of CARICOM . Pacific Islands Forum
 The Special Committee arrived at an agreement with the administering Powers jointly , after consultations , that American Samoa and Pitcairn would be discussed first . The Special Committee would   follow   the same approach in identifying other Territories to be discussed . Even though , with the exception of New Zealand , we have not received word from the administering Powers as to when they intend to propose a work programme for the first two Territories , the Special Committee is aware that , once a work programme for each of those Territories is agreed upon , there will be practical , administrative and financial arrangements that would also have to be discussed and agreed to .
 of Slavery of the Sub-Commission on the Promotion and At its 76th meeting , on 24 April 2001 , the Commission on Human Rights , taking note of resolution 2000/19 of 18 August 2000 of the Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights , decided , without a vote , to approve the decision contained in that resolution and recommended to the Economic and Social Council the   following   draft decision for adoption : -LSB- For the text , see chap. I , draft decision 43. -RSB-
 In this context , the Commission on Human Rights notes the Standing Inter-sectoral Commission for the Coordination and Follow-up of National Human Rights and International Humanitarian Law Policy as well as the Presidential Programme for the Promotion , Respect and Guarantee of Human Rights and of the Application of International Humanitarian Law . The Commission calls upon the Government of Colombia to effectively   follow   up these initiatives in order to define and implement actions aimed at resolving the serious situation of impunity . 8. The Commission notes Law No. 589 criminalizing forced disappearances , genocide , forced displacement and torture , as well as the Presidential Order of August 2000 instructing all the military tribunals to comply fully with the Constitutional Court ruling regarding the exclusion of their jurisdiction over conduct related to genocide , torture and enforced disappearances and other related violations of human rights .
 -LRB- a -RRB- Disciplinary procedures set out in article X of the Staff Regulations and rule 310.1 may be instituted against a staff member who fails to comply with his or her obligations and the standards of conduct set out in the Charter of the United Nations , the Staff Regulations and Rules , and Financial Regulations and Rules and all administrative issuances . -LRB- b -RRB- Staff members shall   follow   the directions and instructions properly issued by the Secretary-General and their supervisors . -LRB- c -RRB- Staff members must comply with local laws and honour their private legal obligations , including , but not limited to , the obligation to honour orders of competent courts .
 The International Monetary Financial Committee , for the first time , stressed the importance of the commitments made at the World Education Forum , held in Dakar from 26 to 28 April 2000 , and in particular , those on education for girls and women . On health issues , in particular HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases such as malaria and tuberculosis , the International Monetary Financial Committee   followed   the lead of the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the President of the World Bank and , also for the first time , determined that action was needed on a priority basis . A window of opportunity existed this year for concrete initiatives as well as an alliance among Governments , international organizations and the private sector to take specific steps .
 Three new indigenous staff members had been employed full time to work on indigenous issues . She expressed the hope that more United Nations bodies would   follow   the lead of ILO , and urged all States to review critically the way they treated indigenous and tribal peoples . The representative of the Metis nation of Alberta spoke of the need for more Governments to attend the Working Group .
 On all those occasions Mexico , a country committed to the promotion and protection of human rights and to full compliance with the norms of international humanitarian law , has stated that in establishing such tribunals the Security Council went beyond its powers , given that the Charter of the United Nations contains no explicit provision granting the Council the authority to create jurisdictional mechanisms of this nature . Mexico has also expressed its conviction that once the Statute of the International Criminal Court is in force  a body whose establishment did   follow   the norms of international law  the establishment of new ad hoc tribunals will not be necessary . In addition , Mexico has stated that it will continue to pay in a timely manner its assessed contributions for the funding of those tribunals , strictly abiding by the decisions adopted in this regard by the General Assembly .
 Other staff costs A provision in the amount of $ 4 , 619 , 400 is required to cover the   following   : -LRB- a -RRB- General temporary assistance -LRB- $ 2 , 500 , 000 -RRB- .
 C D. Organization of work The Meeting agreed to   follow   its customary procedure . DE Credentials of representatives
 The second highest concentration for each of these bureaux was : RBLAC poverty -LRB- 14 per cent -RRB- ; RBEC poverty -LRB- 15 per cent -RRB- , RBA environment -LRB- 26 per cent -RRB- . For RBAP , the highest concentration was in poverty -LRB- 31 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by governance -LRB- 26 per cent -RRB- , while RBAS registered the highest concentration in poverty -LRB- 45 per cent -RRB- , followed by environment -LRB- 19 per cent -RRB- . The areas of gender , HIV/AIDS , information and communications technology , and conflict and post-conflict ranged between 1 per cent and 8 per cent for all bureaux .
 The second highest concentration for each of these bureaux was : RBLAC poverty -LRB- 14 per cent -RRB- ; RBEC poverty -LRB- 15 per cent -RRB- , RBA environment -LRB- 26 per cent -RRB- . For RBAP , the highest concentration was in poverty -LRB- 31 per cent -RRB- , followed by governance -LRB- 26 per cent -RRB- , while RBAS registered the highest concentration in poverty -LRB- 45 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by environment -LRB- 19 per cent -RRB- . The areas of gender , HIV/AIDS , information and communications technology , and conflict and post-conflict ranged between 1 per cent and 8 per cent for all bureaux .
 Follow-up to recommendations contained in the 2000 report The Evaluation Office regularly monitors the submission of the PEIS. It sends quarterly reminders to the bureaux to   follow   up on the evaluation of projects and to seek clarifications . In order to increase the value of the PEIS as a knowledge and learning tool and to make it user-friendly and simple , the Evaluation Office has initiated steps to revamp it in line with the RBM system of UNDP .
 In his submission of 5 January 2000 , the author reiterates his arguments with regard to the lack of direct evidence and again points out that his controversial views never formed part of his teaching . As regards his employment status , the author notes that the Supreme Court on 3 April 1996 upheld the Order against the School Board ,   following   which he was to be offered a non-teaching post . It is submitted that he was never offered such a post , but that in fact he was laid off as of 1 July 1996 .
 It also penalizes States parties , which do not require all persons to carry identification documents and to prove their status every time they have any contact with a state authority , since it is fairly easy for visitors on limited visas to remain undetected in the territory of such States parties for long periods of time . In the second place , the Committee 's approach may provide an unfair advantage to persons who ignore the immigration requirements of a State party and prefer to remain unlawfully in its territory rather than   following   the procedure open to prospective immigrants under the State party 's laws . This advantage may become especially problematical when the State party adopts a limited immigration policy , based on a given number of immigrants in any given year , for it allows potential immigrants to jump the queue by remaining unlawfully in the State party 's territory .
 The complaint 3.1 Counsel alleges that the facts described are contrary to the   following   provisions of the Covenant : Article 25 -LRB- c -RRB- , which recognizes the right of all citizens to have access , on general terms of equality , to public service in their country , since the selection process in which they took part was clearly arbitrary .
 J. J. Jammeh , has even gone beyond that and informed Member States parties to the agreement very clearly that , if they continue to request waivers , there would be no raison d'tre for the Moratorium . Against this background , therefore , describing a Gambian official as an arms trafficker is not only a very serious matter but a case that has to be   followed   up , so that the Gambian public can have all the details necessary for a better understanding of the matter . It is our belief that this accusation is unfounded , because if it were true the matter would have been treated more professionally and we would have received a detailed communication from the Committee prior to the publication of the list .
 Internet sites were particularly important channels for the dissemination of biotechnology-related information and knowledge . The progress of international initiatives aimed at facilitating affordable access to ICTs was of great concern to the Commission , and those initiatives could be   followed   up and monitored during the inter-sessional period 2001-2003 . The Science and Technology for Development Network under construction in UNCTAD could serve as a useful focal point for the dissemination of balanced information .
 Involuntary proceedings insolvency proceedings commenced on the application of creditors or by the general public attorney 's office or other Liquidation process whereby a debtor has its assets assembled , disposed of and distributed for the benefit of -LSB- the insolvency estate and -RSB- the creditors , including shareholders -LSB-   followed   by the dissolution of the legal entity -RSB- , either by way of a piecemeal sale or a sale of all or most of the debtor 's assets in productive operating units or as a going concern Netting In one form it can consist of set-off -LRB- see `set-off ' -RRB- of non-monetary fungibles -LRB- such as securities or commodities deliverable on the same day , known as settlement netting -RRB- and in its more important form it consists of a cancellation by a counterparty of open contracts with the debtor , followed by a set-off of losses and gains either way -LRB- close-out netting -RRB-
 The choice of the way in which reorganization is carried out is typically a response to the size of the business and the degree of complexity of the debtor 's specific situation . Although the reorganization process is not as universal as liquidation , and may not therefore   follow   such a common pattern , there are a number of key or essential elements that can be determined : -LRB- a -RRB- voluntary submission of the entity to the process , which may or may not involve judicial proceedings and judicial control or supervision ;
 4. Encourages the World Tourism Organization to promote effective follow-up of the Global Code of Ethics for Tourism , with the involvement of relevant stakeholders in the tourism sector ; 5. Requests the Secretary-General to   follow   up developments related to the implementation of the present resolution based on the reports of the World Tourism Organization and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session. 43rd plenary meeting 26 July 2001
 Committee members expressed the view that the non-governmental organizations on the Roster for the purpose of the work of the Commission had in the past been granted consultative status without having had to submit to the Secretariat the requisite questionnaire and other documents submitted by organizations applying for Roster consultative status with the Council . Members felt that the existing procedure was discriminating against other organizations who had   followed   normal procedure as stipulated in Council resolution 1996/31 . The Committee expressed the view that the whole procedure should be reviewed and streamlined .
 -LRB- d -RRB- All decisions that bear a close analogy to decisions included under the above-mentioned criteria ; -LRB- e -RRB- Certain decisions instrumental in arriving at or in   following   up a procedural decision . -LRB- 19 -RRB- The permanent members shall generally be guided by the annex to General Assembly resolution 267 -LRB- III -RRB- of 14 April 1949 regarding which matters should be deemed procedural. -LSB- A/52/47 , annex XI , sect. I.A , para. 5 -RSB-
 The changes to the Independence Allowance took effect from 1 July 1997 .  Following   the introduction of the Accident Insurance Act 1998 , a person may now receive a separate Independence Allowance for each injury that he or she suffers after 1 July 1999 . The maximum allowance is $ 61.68 per week .
 -LRB- c -RRB- Changes to suspension rules. The passage of the Education Amendment Act 1998 enabled the Secretary of Education , inter alia , to make the Education -LRB- Stand-down , Suspension , Exclusion , and Expulsion -RRB- Rules 1999 . These Rules regulate the practices and procedures to be   followed   by boards , principals , parents and students when a proposed stand-down , suspension , exclusion or expulsion is to be considered or decided . The Education Amendment Act 1998 also sets in place new processes for establishing enrolment schemes to limit student intakes where schools are likely to be overcrowded .
 The individual inventory review shall identify any problems for which adjustments under Article 5 , paragraph 2 , would be appropriate and initiate procedures for calculation of adjustments . Problems should be identified as a failure to   follow   agreed guidelines under Article 5 , paragraph 2 , in preparing greenhouse gas inventories , as a failure to follow section I of the guidelines for the preparation of the information required under Article 7 , and as a failure to follow agreed methodologies for estimating and reporting activities under Article 3 , paragraphs 3 and 4 , as adopted by the COP/MOP . These may be further subdivided as problems of :
 In 1998 , the gross national product amounted to 638.145 billion rials . The Yemeni economy depends primarily on agricultural and fishing activities ,   followed   by government services , the extraction industries , transport , storage and communications . All of these sectors were developed considerably during the period 1990-1999 .
 The Tribunal transferred three convicted persons to Member States to serve their sentences : two to Finland and one to Germany .  Following   the electoral defeat of Mr. Milosevic , the Prosecutor reopened the Tribunal 's field office in Belgrade in order to help investigators to resume their work in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia . Meanwhile , investigators completed work on exhumations in Kosovo that resulted in the discovery of the remains of some 4 , 000 individuals .
 The analysis of technical cooperation delivery in 2000 in accordance with the UNIDO Business Plan priorities shows a similar picture as in the previous year . The share of environmentally sustainable industrial development and international protocols remained the highest -LRB- 39 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by environmentally sustainable industrial strategies and technologies -LRB- 14 per cent -RRB- , promotion of investment and related technology -LRB- 20 per cent -RRB- and agro-industries -LRB- 8 per cent -RRB- -LRB- figure 7 -RRB- . The delivery pattern basically followed the approval pattern of the preceding year .
 Official educational institutions using Portuguese as the teaching medium shall adopt Chinese as the second language and conversely , those using Chinese shall adopt Portuguese as the second language -LRB- art. 35 -LRB- 8 -RRB- , Law 11/91/M -RRB- . During the school year 1997/98 , the most representative teaching medium was Chinese -LRB- 73.8 per cent -RRB-   followed   by Chinese and Portuguese -LRB- 13.1 per cent -RRB- . English was the teaching medium in 10 establishments and Portuguese in 5 .
 In its judgement of 27 June 1986 in the Military and Paramilitary Activities case , the Court stipulated that it could not take the view that Nicaragua actually undertook a commitment to organize free elections , and that this commitment was of a legal nature . The Nicaraguan Junta planned the holding of free elections as part of its political programme of government ,   following   the recommendation of the Organization of American States . This was an essentially political pledge the Court can not find an instrument with legal force , whether unilateral or synallagmatic , whereby Nicaragua has committed itself .
 2.24 The programme of work under this section is based on the objectives and strategy of programme 6 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005 , as revised .  Following   past practice , it also includes the activities of library services in Geneva and Vienna , which fall under programme 23 , Public information , of the medium-term plan . The programme of work relating to the provision of conference services in New York , Geneva , Vienna and Nairobi is presented under each duty station .
 Encourages the World Tourism Organization to promote effective follow-up of the Global Code of Ethics for Tourism , with the involvement of relevant stakeholders in the tourism sector ; Requests the Secretary-General to   follow   up developments related to the implementation of the present resolution based on the reports of the World Tourism Organization and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session . A/36/236 , annex , appendix 1 .
 It was simply a question of repealing the corresponding provision of the Penal Code . With reference to article 15 , her delegation agreed that the provisions of the Family Code concerning the legal incapacity of married women and the obligation for them to   follow   their husband wherever he chose to reside were obstacles to the enjoyment of fundamental human rights . Many campaigns had been organized with the help of non-governmental organizations to promote greater public awareness of that issue , and men were beginning to understand and support the struggle of women .
 Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific ESCAP 's focus in   following   up on the Millennium Declaration is three-pronged , comprising the transfer of proven best practices in poverty eradication in the region to developing members and associate members in different environments ; reversing the weakening positions of developing member States arising from the process of globalization and strengthening their negotiating position ; and the detection and tackling of common social problems and issues in the region , including the increasingly serious problem of HIV/AIDS . The policy debate and ministerial round table organized by ESCAP at its fifty-seventh session , held in Bangkok in April 2001 , expressed the view that the process of globalization has served , so far , to accentuate differences between economies and societies in the ESCAP region .
 Redeployment of seven local-level posts from the programme support areas was also implemented to enhance information technology and research support services in the substantive areas . The management consultancy of UNOPS focused on the   following   four critical areas : human resources management ; extrabudgetary resources allocation ; electronic services ; and travel arrangements . Based on the initial findings and recommendations arising from this exercise , ESCAP will seek to effect process changes to enhance overall effectiveness and efficiency in the four areas .
 Rule 19 of the rules of procedure states that the Bureau of the Commission shall consist of seven members -LRB- i.e. four members from Lists A and C combined , two members from List B and one member from List D referred to in the annex to General Assembly resolution 1995 -LRB- XIX -RRB- as amended -RRB- . Accordingly ,   following   the cycle of rotation established after UNCTAD X , the bureau for the sixth session of the Commission shall be as follows : Chairman from List B , Rapporteur from List A -LRB- Asia -RRB- ; and five Vice-Chairmen -LRB- three from lists A and C combined , one from List B and one from List D -RRB- . Item 2 : Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
 The controls at the Finnish borders fully meet the requirements of the Schengen acquis concerning the controls at external borders .  Following   the conclusions of the Justice and Home Affairs Council , controls at borders have been strengthened and focused , inter alia , by using the existing risk analysis system . The procedures and techniques used for the identification of falsified travel documents are under constant review .
 The role of the Liaison Office has been of particular importance in preparing for a symposium on natural disaster that is scheduled to be held towards the end of 2001 , and is working with UNDP to prepare the documents to be submitted to the symposium . The Liaison Office continues to   follow   the deliberations of OAU organs and to facilitate the regular flow of reports and information from OAU to the United Nations Secretariat , especially on the activities of the OAU Central Organ , and from the United Nations to OAU on the activities of the United Nations , especially in the area of peace and security . Department of Political Affairs
 A.29.5 The estimated requirements of $ 7 , 879 , 200 , reflecting an increase of $ 208 , 600 , relate to the continuation of 20 posts in the Professional category and above and 24 General Service posts and the establishment , initially on a temporary basis , of two new temporary posts -LRB- 1 P-3 and 1 General Service -LRB- Principal level -RRB- -RRB- . The new posts are to support and maintain the Commission 's integrated management information system , which has been developed   following   the recommendations of the Board of Auditors adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 51/216 of 18 December 1996 . The relevance of the posts will be reviewed in the light of experience acquired as the system becomes fully operational .
 By that commitment , spelled out in resolution 1318 -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , the Council undertook to improve its capacity to act effectively ; to act preventively ; and to act promptly and decisively . We look forward to the Council   following   up on that resolution , as spelled out in the presidential statement contained in document S/PRST/2001/10 , which expressed the Council 's commitment to further review progress in implementing resolution 1318 -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , with the active participation of non-members of the Council . In conclusion , I should like to take this opportunity to congratulate the newly elected non-permanent members of the Council , who will begin serving next year , namely , Bulgaria , Cameroon , Guinea , Mexico and the Syrian Arab Republic .
 Claim of the people of Cuba against the Government of the United States for economic damage to Cuba -LRB- XVII and final -RRB- This claim is based also on the   following   : Grounds of law
 Moreover , attempts at codification of the local remedies rule often seek to give some definition to denial of justice . Circumstances of this kind , coupled with the fact that denial of justice may be seen both as a secondary rule excusing recourse to further remedies -LRB- associated with the futility rule , discussed in article 15 -RRB- or as a primary rule giving rise to international responsibility , suggest that the attempt at maintaining a rigid distinction between primary and secondary rules   followed   in the study on State responsibility should not be pursued with the same degree of rigidity in the present study . The commentary on article 22 of the draft articles on State responsibility adopted by the Commission on first reading warns that consideration of the topic of exhaustion of local remedies must at all costs stop short of the content of `primary ' rules of international law. This warning was , however , in the context of the codification of State responsibility and does not preclude the Commission from adopting a different approach in a study on diplomatic protection .
 Conclusion 2001/2 The Programme and Budget Committee recommended to the Industrial Development Board the adoption of the   following   draft decision : The Industrial Development Board :
 The List contained in document S/2001/1120 , annex -LRB- to the extent , if any , the items on these lists are not covered by UNSCR 687 , para . The list includes the   following   general categories and includes clarifying notes and statements of understanding : -LRB- 1 -RRB- advanced materials ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- materials processing ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- electronics ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- computers ; -LRB- 5 -RRB- telecommunications and information security ; -LRB- 6 -RRB- sensors and lasers ; -LRB- 7 -RRB- navigation and avionics ; -LRB- 8 -RRB- marine ; and -LRB- 9 -RRB- propulsion . C. The following individual items , as further described in the annex :
 Of the 85 AIJ projects carried out in Annex I Parties , more than half continue to be concentrated in two EIT countries , namely in Latvia -LRB- 25 -RRB- and in Estonia -LRB- 21 -RRB- . In the LAC region , Costa Rica leads with nine project activities   followed   by Mexico and Bolivia -LRB- five each -RRB- . In Africa and the Asia and Pacific regions , no Party hosts more than two project activities .
 That delegation was also of the view that it would be inadvisable to include in the definition such things as contractual and intellectual property rights , which were already adequately addressed under other existing legal regimes . In the view of that delegation , a better approach would be to   follow   the lead of the draft protocol on matters specific to aircraft equipment and to develop a concrete , specific list of objects that would be subject to the application of the draft space protocol . That delegation also raised concerns regarding the possible transfer of access codes and control of space objects to creditors in cases of default , in particular in cases where the facilities of a single satellite were being shared by multiple users , including States , or where satellites served governmental and public service functions in addition to those of a purely commercial nature .
 Two subregional training workshops were held in December 2000 , in Guatemala and in the Russian Federation . The Guatemala workshop , with 31 participants from eight countries , provided training in : commitments of the World Summit for Social Development and the agreements of the twenty-fourth special session of the General Assembly ; subregional examination of the status of implementation of the commitments and policies ; poverty eradication policies and programmes   followed   up by Nicaragua ; employment generating policies followed up by El Salvador and social inclusion policies followed up by Guatemala. The participants identified two concrete steps to promote implementation of the commitments at country level : -LRB- a -RRB- Creation of coordination committees ;
 Two subregional training workshops were held in December 2000 , in Guatemala and in the Russian Federation . The Guatemala workshop , with 31 participants from eight countries , provided training in : commitments of the World Summit for Social Development and the agreements of the twenty-fourth special session of the General Assembly ; subregional examination of the status of implementation of the commitments and policies ; poverty eradication policies and programmes followed up by Nicaragua ; employment generating policies followed up by El Salvador and social inclusion policies   followed   up by Guatemala. The participants identified two concrete steps to promote implementation of the commitments at country level : -LRB- a -RRB- Creation of coordination committees ;
 Some projects do refer to and explain the reasons for the delay in start-up. In most cases , however , there is no indication of the implications of this on the next year 's work plan , for instance an indication of how the work plan will be adjusted , either to catch up on lost time or to extend the life of the project . The guidelines call for a realistic estimation of the duration of each project , but this does not appear to have been   followed   . It is suggested that each year-end report should show the proposed budget for the subsequent year followed by a costed work plan for the year .
 It contains new chapters on public education and awareness-raising , anti-corruption legislation , repatriation of illegal assets and monitoring and evaluation . Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 54/128 , the Global Programme against Money-Laundering of the Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention held a forum in the Cayman Islands on 30 and 31 March 2000 to obtain the commitment of financial centres to   follow   internationally accepted standards of financial regulation and measures against money- laundering . A framework for the implementation of the technical assistance programme of the Global Programme against Money-Laundering is being developed to meet the needs of the requesting jurisdictions .
 -LRB- g -RRB- A new Legal Competence Act , No. 71/1997 raised the age at which people become legally competent to manage their personal affairs from 16 years to 18 years . The rationale behind this was that the definition in the Convention on the Rights of the Child of all persons under the age of 18 as children should be   followed   . -LRB- h -RRB- Great changes took place in 1997 regarding labour legislation with the passing of the Labour Market Measures Act , No. 12/1997 and the Unemployment Insurance Act , No. 13/1997 .
 Conclusions and recommendations The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the programme narrative of section 28 , Internal oversight , of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 , subject to the   following   modifications : Table 28.6
 An important step aimed at combating and preventing terrorism was the adoption of an unprecedented Security Council resolution : resolution 1373 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . Now it is up to Governments to act without delay in   following   through the detailed requirements of the resolution . The General Assembly should also make its own contribution , first of all , by speeding up its work on the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism .
 The reform of the judiciary must not continue . The State party should furnish information on the number of judges removed during the process , the reasons for their removal , and the procedure   followed   . -LRB- 14 -RRB- The Committee 's concern about the independence of the judiciary extends to the information , delivered by the delegation , that article 275 of the Constitution empowers the National Ethics Council -LRB- Consejo Moral Republicano -RRB- comprising the Ombudsman , the Attorney-General and the Comptroller-General to issue warnings to judges , even those of the Supreme Court , and impose sanctions if those warnings are not heeded .
 Turning to the agenda before us , we hope that the First Committee will be able to foster a constructive and forward-looking approach to pressing issues in the area of disarmament , in particular nuclear disarmament . More than one year after the Review Conference of the Parties to the NPT and the Millennium Summit , little political will has been shown that would prove that those were not isolated events and that the commitments made on those occasions will be   followed   up . Brazil is also of the view that all States should abide by their commitments to nuclear non-proliferation , in particular those addressed in the Final Document of the 2000 NPT Review Conference .
 Information on the Situation of the Baha'is The   following   is based on information received by the Special Representative . Of the three Baha'is arrested in Isfahan for their involvement with the Baha'i Institute of Higher Education and who received verdicts on 16 March 1999 , only Ziaullah Mizapanah is still under house arrest. Sina Hakiman and Farrad Khajeh have been released .
 In recent months , progress to this end has been obstructed , violently in some instances , by attempts to establish a Croat self-government in parts of Herzegovina , regardless of the wishes of the majority of the citizens and of the existence of substantial Croat communities with different political views both there and in other parts of the country . The people of Bosnia and Herzegovina should engage fully in constructing their society together and not repeat the tragedy of the past by again   following   ultra-nationalist leaders into an historical cul-de-sac . Clearly , the legitimate political , legal and cultural rights of all citizens must be guaranteed .
 The Board also reviewed narrative and financial reports on the use of the 17 project grants allocated in 2000 . It decided to close three project files and recommended that its secretariat continue to   follow   up on the other projects . Amount of money available for new grants
 Adequate means must be mobilized so that the undertakings given at Durban would become a reality , thereby putting all societies , both rich and poor , on an equal footing . The Sudan supported the establishment , within the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights , of an anti-discrimination unit and of a group of five independent experts , one from each region , to   follow   implementation of the provisions of the Declaration and Programme of Action , and underlined the importance of a balanced geographical representation . Lastly , the Sudan wished to emphasize that when it came to human rights it was important to guard against selectivity and a policy of double standards , in which the focus was only on certain aspects of human rights or on the situation in certain countries .
 Canada was concerned about the Iraqi Government 's complete disregard for the human rights and dignity of its citizens and urged it to end its many human rights violations and allow the Special Rapporteur to carry out his mission . The Canadian Government encouraged States to   follow   up on the commitments they had undertaken in Durban at the World Conference against Racism , Racial Discrimination , Xenophobia and Related Intolerance . Noting , in particular , the harsh treatment in Myanmar of ethnic minorities and the inhabitants of border regions , he said his delegation remained concerned about that country 's poor human rights situation .
 Up until 1992 , humanitarian agencies relied on the Afghan banks for the transfer of funds to and within the country . During the conflict in the cities from 1992 until 1996 , the humanitarian agencies were forced to   follow   the example of the Afghan private sector and shift to reliance on informal alternative financial service providers . Many assistance agencies retain a base in a neighbouring country , in particular in Pakistan , to support their operations in Afghanistan .
 -LRB- a -RRB- To convene the first annual session of the Forum at United Nations Headquarters from 6 to 17 May 2002 , without prejudice to any future venue of the Forum ; -LRB- b -RRB- That the election of the eight government expert members of the Forum will reflect the distribution of seats among the regional groups , as   follows   , with due regard of the distribution of indigenous people among the countries of each of the regional groups : One seat for African States ; One seat for Asian States ; One seat for Eastern European States ; One seat for Latin American and Caribbean States ; One seat for Western European and other States ; Three seats to rotate among the five regional groups in accordance with the following pattern :
 That delegation was also of the view that it would be inadvisable to include in the definition such things as contractual and intellectual property rights , which were already adequately addressed under other existing legal regimes . In the view of that delegation , a better approach would be to   follow   the lead of the draft protocol on matters specific to aircraft equipment and to develop a concrete , specific list of objects that would be subject to the application of the draft space protocol . That delegation also raised concerns regarding the possible transfer of access codes and control of space objects to creditors in cases of default , in particular in cases where the facilities of a single satellite were being shared by multiple users , including States , or where satellites served governmental and public service functions in addition to those of a purely commercial nature .
 In this context , it notes the Standing Inter-sectoral Commission for the Coordination and Follow-up of National Human Rights and International Humanitarian Law Policy as well as the Presidential Programme for the Promotion , Respect and Guarantee of Human Rights and of the Application of International Humanitarian Law . The Commission calls upon the Government of Colombia to effectively   follow   up these initiatives in order to define and implement actions aimed at resolving the serious situation of impunity . 8. The Commission notes Law 589 criminalizing forced disappearances , genocide , forced displacement and torture , as well as the Presidential Order of August 2000 instructing all the military tribunals to comply fully with the Constitutional Court ruling regarding the exclusion of their jurisdiction over conduct related to genocide , torture and enforced disappearances and other related violations of human rights .
 It is possible for individuals to realize several of the rights separately , such as the right to food , the right to education or the right to housing . It is also possible that those rights are realized separately   following   the human rights approach , that is , with transparency and accountability , in a participatory and non-discriminatory manner , and even with equity and justice . It could even be possible that the right to development is not realized as a process of development where the realization of all the rights are interrelated in accordance with a sustainable process. To substantiate this point clearly in his second report -LRB- paras .
 Encourages the World Tourism Organization to promote effective follow-up of the Global Code of Ethics for Tourism , with the involvement of relevant stakeholders in the tourism sector ; Requests the Secretary-General to   follow   up developments related to the implementation of the present resolution based on the reports of the World Tourism Organization and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session . Draft resolution III
 During its deliberations in 2000 , the Board focused specifically on the issue of disarmament and non-proliferation education and recommended that the Secretary-General call the attention of Member States to this issue with respect to all levels of education , from primary to higher education. The Board had specifically voiced its concern over the extent of public complacency over nuclear weapons issues today and viewed education as a useful means of addressing that problem .  Following   the Board 's recommendation , the General Assembly , on 20 November 2000 , adopted resolution 55/33 E , entitled United Nations study on disarmament and non-proliferation education , in which it requested the Secretary-General to prepare , with the assistance of a group of qualified governmental experts , a study on disarmament and non-proliferation education . The resolution further provided that the group of experts should invite representatives of organizations of the United Nations system with special competence in disarmament or education or both to participate in its work , and should also invite university educators , disarmament and peace-related institutes and non-governmental organizations that had special qualifications in education and training or in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation to make written and oral presentations to it .
 Increased awareness of human rights issues in Burundian society and the improvement that has been observed in the field of justice can be explained by the efforts made by all those involved -LRB- OHCHR , bilateral cooperation , Ministries of Human Rights and Justice , humanitarian and human rights organizations and associations -RRB- . The Special Rapporteur thanks five Burundian human rights associations , the Burundian League for Human Rights -LRB- ITEKA -RRB- , the Collective of Burundian Women 's Associations and Organizations , the Association of Women Lawyers , the Abakenyezi Duhagurukire Iterambere and the Burundian League for Children and Young People for their submission and encourages other human rights associations to   follow   their example . The transition period which is now beginning and implementation of the Agreement require continuous and strengthened efforts in the areas of monitoring , protection and promotion in order to prevent human rights violations and to guarantee a lasting peace .
 The members of the Union underlined that as many countries as possible should be able to subscribe to the commitment to be expressed in the new instrument and that there should be an open dialogue among countries during the negotiation process , paying particular attention to the concerns of developing countries and countries with economies in transition . The States members of the European Union expressed the view that the new instrument could be nothing else but a convention , should contain both preventive and enforcement measures and   follow   a multidisciplinary approach . In addition , the following elements were identified for possible inclusion in the new instrument : criminalization ; prevention ; technical assistance ; and a monitoring mechanism .
 The Expert Group placed particular emphasis on the need for the broadest possible participation of countries in the work of the ad hoc committee . The expert group was therefore of the view that ,   following   the practice of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Elaboration of a Convention against Transnational Organized Crime , donor countries should be called upon to make resources available to the United Nations to cover the cost of participation of developing countries , in particular least developed countries , including local expenses . Adoption of the report of the Meeting of the Intergovernmental Open-Ended Expert Group to Prepare Draft Terms of Reference for the Negotiation of an International Legal Instrument against Corruption
 The deficiencies of the current system were essentially the result of infractions and violations of the administrative rules and regulations by a few irresponsible officials , and deficiencies in the Organization 's accountability and administration of justice structures . Accordingly , there was no need for radical changes throughout the system ; it would suffice to ensure that existing regulations were   followed   and applied to strengthen the internal justice administration and accountability structures . In order to adopt appropriate solutions , a detailed analysis must be made of the additional human and financial resources required to implement the proposals of the Secretary-General .
 Mr. Kuhnel -LRB- Austria -RRB- said he fully supported the work of the Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms of racism , racial discrimination , xenophobia and related intolerance , and wished to point out that the report of the three wise men confirmed that the measures taken by Austria to ensure respect for the rights of minorities , immigrants and refugees entirely conformed to European standards in that field . Moreover , the report concluded that , in general , the policy   followed   by the Austrian Government since February 2000 to confront racism was above criticism . As to the three racist incidents mentioned in the Special Rapporteur 's report , the Austrian Government had reacted immediately and the persons involved had been prosecuted .
 It includes frank and explicit health education aimed at high-risk groups , schoolchildren and the general population . We will reinforce traditional Lao values , but we also recognize the need for the protection of those who experiment or do not   follow   traditional values . We are committed to openness and frankness , even at the risk of giving offence to some .
 The training of health personnel is thus essential . The example , which should certainly be   followed   , of Brazil , where access to triple-agent therapies is guaranteed by the Government , shows that the fight against the disease can be effectively waged and that the people who are treated can be reintegrated into active life , thereby reducing the negative social and economic impact of the epidemic on society . Also , the big pharmaceutical companies must be involved in world action .
 We also see it as a sign that the international community has come to consider the fight against HIV/AIDS one of its top priority tasks . My country is ready to render its contribution to actions that we hope will   follow   as a result of agreements to be reached at this session . In years past , the HIV/AIDS epidemic followed a slow but steady pace in Yugoslavia .
 Intergovernmental Forum on Chemical Safety The International Conference on Chemical Safety ,   following   a recommendation of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development , established in 1994 the Intergovernmental Forum on Chemical Safety , 9 an international mechanism for cooperation in chemical safety . The Intergovernmental Forum brings together public and private stakeholders , including Governments , intergovernmental bodies , non-governmental organizations and other representatives of civil society in efforts to arrive at policy guidance and strategies to build partnerships and enhance coordination in the promotion of chemical safety .
 Revised working paper submitted by Belarus and the Russian Federation The Special Committee submits to the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session for consideration and adoption the   following   draft resolution : The General Assembly ,
 Additionally , laws designed to give Afro-Americans access to land were not implemented . She requested the Working Group to carefully   follow   the measures taken by States with respect to ensuring the socio-economic development of Afro-American communities , especially as regards their ability to participate in and benefit from development programmes . Further comments on the situation of Afro-descendants and the implementation of their rights were presented by another observer for the same organization who said that his people did not want handouts nor decisions taken for them , but effective means by which to address their own issues .
 The Netherlands had also become the first member of the European Union to appoint a national rapporteur on traffic in persons , whose first report would be published in the near future . It would urge other member countries to   follow   suit , as international cooperation was required for an effective response to that problem . The Government had adopted a two-track policy to facilitate implementation of its Multi-Year Plan on Emancipation .
 Human rights should not be paid mere lip service . In particular , States that had not yet done so should   follow   the example of several African States by incorporating the principle of equality into their constitutions and adopting a law against racial discrimination in all its forms . Several participants considered that impunity for human rights violations committed at the national level was also a source of conflict .
 If one reads Ian Johnston 's study , which was published by the United Nations Institute for Training and Research -LRB- UNITAR -RRB- , on this very question  on how resolution 687 -LRB- 1991 -RRB- was brought about  one can find it there , in black and white . But perhaps the Council does not have time to   follow   these things . It is so busy in that small room , consulting separately from those who should be working with it as its main partners .
 The Special Rapporteur recalls that , in any case , freedom of thought is an absolute freedom and no one should be judged on any matter related to it , or claim to be its guardian . The manifestations of freedom of thought can be subject to limitations under international law , it being understood that equitable justice must allow room for the disputes resulting from such limitations , always bearing in mind the principle of proportionality between the offence and the penalty and the reasonable and legitimate character of both the prosecution and the punishment. The   following   clarifications were also provided by China : Clarifications
 The Conference was organized by the Government of the Republic of Benin , the host country , with the assistance of the United Nations Development Programme . In addition to the United Nations and the International Organization of la Francophonie , the   following   States provided financial and logistical assistance for the organization of the Conference : Canada , Denmark , Egypt , Italy , Japan , the Netherlands , Nigeria , Norway , the People 's Republic of China , the Republic of Korea , Switzerland and the United States of America . Participants
 And we call upon those gathered here today to support ongoing efforts towards that end . Mr. Gatilov -LRB- Russian Federation -RRB- -LRB- spoke in Russian -RRB- : The Russian Federation has been   following   with deep concern the acute conflict between the Palestinian and Israeli peoples that has now lasted for almost a year without let-up . Almost every day the international community has witnessed scenes of horrible terrorist acts , which are then followed by very emotionally charged acts of retaliation .
 But if the cycle is to be broken , political risks must be taken . Norway urges the leaders in the Middle East to carry out a very hard task in political terms : to lead without knowing how many will   follow   . The Committee described the road back to negotiations very clearly .
 Administrative and budgetary questions In its resolution 13 -LRB- XXXVI -RRB- , the Commission established a budget cycle for the Fund of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme and a methodology that it would   follow   in its consideration of budgetary matters . That methodology was revised by the Commission in its resolutions 7 -LRB- XL -RRB- and 8 -LRB- XL -RRB- , in which it adopted budget proposals in line with the harmonized budget model followed also by the United Nations Development Programme , the United Nations Children 's Fund and the United Nations Fund for Population Activities .
 Our air defences , acting in self-defence , engaged the aircraft and , at 1405 hours , drove them off . In the southern region 207 sorties were flown at speeds of 720 to 780 kilometres per hour and at altitudes of 9 , 000 to 13 , 000 metres , as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- At 1300 hours on 27 March 2001 , United States and British F-14 , F-15 , F-16 , Tornado and EA-6B aircraft coming from Saudi and Kuwaiti territory penetrated Iraq 's airspace in the southern region .
 An increasing number of donors established fixed yearly contributions and made multiyear pledges to facilitate planning of certain activities . It would be highly desirable that this practice be continued and be   followed   by other donors . One bilateral donor reported to the secretariat that in 2000 and in the process of redefining its development aid , the Government decided to budget its bilateral and multilateral aid separately and apply the same priority , in terms of disbursement of contributions , to its multilateral aid .
 As a result , the median age will rise from 37.5 years in 2000 to 49.5 in 2050 . Japan is currently the country with the oldest population -LRB- its median age is 41 years -RRB- ,   followed   by Italy , Switzerland , Germany and Sweden , with median ages of 40 years each. In 2050 , Spain is projected to have the oldest population , with a median age of 55 years . Italy , Slovenia and Austria , with median ages of 54 years each in 2050 , will also have populations where persons aged 50 or over predominate .
 The present report contains a regional breakdown of the activities undertaken by UNDCP to provide such support . The UNDCP response   follows   the strategy adopted to support transit States through programmes that offer assistance in upgrading technical skills to meet enforcement needs ; in strengthening , capabilities in such areas as data collection in support of intelligence-led policing ; in the provision of equipment to frontline operations ; and in interventions designed to build and support cross-border and regional cooperation , as well as self-sustaining programmes of instruction that provide enforcement agencies with training in best operating practices . Future projects will benefit from the new UNDCP initiative in computer-based training that could make possible , in a cost-effective and efficient manner , the training of large numbers of personnel in best-practice techniques .
 Following the selection of the chairpersons of the round tables , each regional group should determine which of its members will participate in each round table , ensuring that equitable geographical distribution will be maintained , allowing for some flexibility , and taking into account the importance of ensuring a mix of countries highly affected by the epidemic as well as countries that are less affected . Thus , in order to allow for some flexibility , for each round table the maximum number of participants from each regional group will be as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- African States : 14 Member States ;
 The delegation stressed on numerous occasions that the holding of the inclusive political dialogue constitutes not only an important signal to the population of the Central African Republic that their authorities and other actors have now decidedly turned a page on the past and are ready to move forward in the country 's reconciliation process , but also a crucial signal to the international community that the country is determined not to revert to its pattern of recurrent instability . This aspect should not be underestimated by the national authorities , who might still be working under the assumption that the international community is not   following   the events in the Central African Republic . The Chair stressed that the international community is indeed very closely following the ongoing developments in the country , including the Secretary-General himself , who has met with the President on two occasions in recent weeks .
 Finally , the report will analyse the impact of the General Agreement on Trade in Services , particularly on small farmers in developing countries facing competition from global retailers on their domestic markets . However , it is crucial to note that both the trade policies pursued by any State and its economic , social and taxation policies  on which much of the impact of international trade will depend  do not   follow   from the World Trade Organization agreements themselves , although they set a framework for the members . Rather , the policies result from the choices made by the Governments concerned in the light of domestic considerations or imposed on them as conditionalities by international financial institutions or as part of trade agreements concluded at the bilateral or regional level ; they depend on the budgetary means available to Governments to finance such policies , including for investments in agriculture and in rural infrastructure .
 Closure of the meeting .  Following   proposals from the Secretariat and a Committee member from Jordan , the Committee agreed to consider two issues under item 12 , Other matters , a document by the Secretariat on de minimis quantities of ozone-depleting substances when reviewing compliance and the issue of substances with low ozone-depleting potential -LRB- UNEP/OzL.Pro/ImpCom/41/INF/4 -RRB- . The Committee also agreed to consider the issue raised by Jordan regarding recording and reporting to the Secretariat destinations of exports of ozone-depleting substances by the Parties .
 Therefore it is proposed that the full programme budget implications of draft resolutions A/C.3/62/L.65/Rev.1 , as further orally revised , be addressed at the appropriate time when such consultations are completed . The Secretariat also considers that other additional resources would arise particularly with regard to operative paragraphs 52 and 53 of the draft resolution , for the   following   : -LRB- i -RRB- additional support staff to service the Working Group ; and -LRB- ii -RRB- travel and DSA of interpreters , the Secretariat support staff , the representatives from the least developed countries and representatives of NGOs . As indicated in A/C.3/62/L.90 , in accordance with established practice , the Secretary-General will carry out a full review of the implications of draft resolution A/C.3/62/L.65/Rev.1 and submit a detailed statement of programme budget implications to the General Assembly .
 Such suggestions for legal amendment of the Treaty would actually undermine the NPT regime and create uncertainties and loopholes . However , if any State Party has any proposal for the amendment of the NPT it must   follow   the procedures stipulated in the Article VIII of the Treaty . It should be noted that unless all State Parties clearly demonstrate an intention to be legally bound by these new amendments , which would normally be done through a process of ratification , then the proposals on Article X have no basis in international law .
 Please list the projects your agency/fund/programme is involved in support of human security. Please cover all completed , ongoing and planned projects , including both United Nations Trust Fund for Human Security -LRB- UNTFHS -RRB- funded projects and other human security projects financed from other sources of funding . UNESCO is involved in the   following   projects in support of human security . Completed projects :
 Some groups spurned these opportunities for peace and stepped up attacks on the general public and democratic Colombian institutions . The most recent effort at negotiation , for example , took place over three years in a 42 , 000 square km demilitarized zone , and was   followed   by 10 different countries and the United Nations . The human rights situation in Colombia should therefore be viewed through the prism of a pluralist Constitution which protects human rights and a policy of strengthening State institutions on the ground which will allow for negotiated breakthroughs if the illegal armed bands so choose .
 Draft article 47. Delivery when no negotiable transport document or negotiable electronic transport record is issued A concern was expressed that draft article 47 protected the carrier only when it had followed the required procedure set out in the provision , but that the carrier was not protected when it had not   followed   that procedure . Further , the issue was raised that if the shipper was no longer the controlling party , it was probably because it had already transferred all of its rights in the goods to the controlling party , including the right to instruct on delivery .
 Further , there was a danger that such statements could appear in bills of lading , as at least one major carrier had previously introduced , and then withdrawn , such a statement in its documents . In the face of such uncertainty , the revised text of draft article 49 was an improvement and could be seen as a type of guarantee that some sort of procedure would be   followed   , even when goods were allowed to be delivered without surrender of the negotiable document or record . There were some suggestions for adjustments to the proposed new text of draft article 49 .
 The Commission commended the Secretariat for the preparation of the sample chapter and requested the Secretariat to publish it as a stand-alone publication . Although the Commission was not in favour of requesting the Secretariat to undertake a similar work in other areas with a view to preparing a comprehensive reference document , the Commission agreed to request the Secretariat to continue to   follow   legal developments in the relevant areas closely , with a view to making appropriate suggestions in due course . The Secretariat has continued to follow technological developments and new business models in the area of electronic commerce that may have an impact on international trade .
 Although the Commission was not in favour of requesting the Secretariat to undertake a similar work in other areas with a view to preparing a comprehensive reference document , the Commission agreed to request the Secretariat to continue to follow legal developments in the relevant areas closely , with a view to making appropriate suggestions in due course . The Secretariat has continued to   follow   technological developments and new business models in the area of electronic commerce that may have an impact on international trade . One area that the Secretariat has examined closely concerns legal issues arising out of the use of single windows in international trade .
 We continue to be frustrated that such a major drafting effort has led to such meagre results . We grope around blindly trying to discern the line of reasoning , which we can not   follow   . The justifications are clunky , and the operative part , in many places , seems to be tacked on or falls short of striking the necessary balance .
 As I said , I am pleased about the support that Council members give to us and I count on all of them to see that support materialize on the ground . The Ambassador of the United Kingdom mentioned the eight points that I had drawn up as elements that I want to address quickly , and he supported me strongly and will   follow   and monitor that . All of those eight points require the full support of some key donors , so we will work together to see that they are actually carried out .
 The exchange of good practice and information among countries at the regional and sub-regional levels is essential . Pilot projects within cities would provide solid lessons and encourage other neighbourhoods and cities to   follow   . All actors must not only address the challenges of today , but also plan for the future .
 Expressing appreciation for the efforts of the Secretary-General 's Special Representative and his team in UNMIN , and the United Nations Country Team , including the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights which is monitoring human rights at the request of the Government , and stressing the need for coordination and complementarity of efforts between the mission and all the United Nations actors in the mission area , Decides ,   following   the request from the Government of Nepal and based on the Secretary-General 's recommendation , to renew the mandate of UNMIN , as set out in UNSCR 1740 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , until 23 July 2008 ; Expresses full support for the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and calls upon all parties to maintain momentum in implementation of the Agreement ; to continue constructive engagement with the United Nations , including reaching an early status of mission agreement , and to work together to progress to Constituent Assembly elections ;
 To provide more care and attention to the rights of the elderly. -LRB- Canada -RRB- To   follow   the Council of the European Union Asylum Qualification Directive in future cases with regard to sexual orientation as a ground for asylum-seeking. -LRB- Canada -RRB- To consider holding a referendum on the desirability or otherwise of a written constitution , preferably republican , which includes a bill of rights -LRB- Sri Lanka -RRB- .
 The recommendations greatly assist the Governments human rights advisory bodies . The   following   are examples of measures reflecting the recommendations of treaty bodies . Human Rights Committee
 The time has come to launch projects as a matter of urgency to combat poverty , reconstruct a large number of economic and social infrastructures and unify the national economy . To that end , the government programme has set itself the   following   objectives for the coming years : To consolidate the peace process and promote national reconciliation ; To combat hunger and poverty and promote social stability ; To strengthen State institutions and provide government services and the court system throughout the national territory ; To create the conditions necessary for holding a general election .
 This is , for many of us , an opportunity to welcome Mr. Ugarte back to the Council for a day . As Permanent Representative of Costa Rica , Bruno Stagno left a very clear footprint that we are still   following   today . I think that , with his statement today , he has also left a deep footprint .
 This means that about 6.3 million people are poor and 2.7 million Malawians live in ultra poverty or can not afford to meet the daily-recommended food requirements with rural areas being poorer than urban areas . The Southern region is the worst hit by poverty   followed   by the Northern region . The manifestations of poverty include low income , food insecurity , high malnutrition and high incidence of preventable diseases .
 The Department has oversight responsibilities over the national response to HIV and AIDS while NAC remains the implementing institution . Activities implemented by the National AIDS Commission   follow   the Malawi HIV and AIDS National Action Framework -LRB- NAF -RRB- 2005-2009 , which has identified eight priority areas for its five year period , namely : prevention and behaviour change ; treatment , care and support ; impact mitigation ; economic and psychosocial ; mainstreaming , partnerships and capacity building ; monitoring and evaluation ; research ; resource mobilization , tracking and utilization ; and national policy coordination and programme planning . The NAF hopes to harness available resources to bring the HIV and AIDS prevalence down and provide treatment , care and support to people living with HIV and AIDS and all those who are affected by the epidemic , especially orphans , vulnerable children , widows and widowers and the elderly .
 The Committee has noted that , according to the State party , this is not an intentional policy but rather an unconscious vicious circle involving many actors in the administration of the penal system -LRB- art . The Committee urges the State party to   follow   this development closely and develop a focused strategy , taking into consideration general recommendation No. 31 , for changing the situation in order to ensure that all persons irrespective of race , colour , descent , or national or ethnic origin are treated equally in the penal system . The Committee is concerned about the fact that ethnic minorities are often over-represented in social urban housing - up to 90 per cent in some cases - which has resulted in de facto segregation in certain neighbourhoods of large cities .
 Governments ' responsiveness and fight against impunity 40 - 46 13 An expanded network of sources on the ground in a position to   follow   cases 47 - 49 14 Ad hoc meetings , country visits and press releases as means to follow up on communications 50 - 52 14
 This report provides an overview of the follow-up activities undertaken by the Special Representative and the role of stakeholders in this process and in implementing her recommendations . It takes the major features of work of the mandate , i.e. communications , country visits and thematic reports , to illustrate how each component has been   followed   up on . The purpose is not to give an exhaustive account of all these activities carried out by the Special Representative but to provide illustrations that give shape to a methodology to follow-up that can be replicated and strengthened .
 This would enhance the efficiency as well as the mutual benefits of the communication between Governments and the Special Representative , reducing the need for the mandate to request further information , as replies can act as benchmarks against which subsequent developments in the situation of human rights defenders can be monitored and measured . An expanded network of sources on the ground in a position to   follow   cases A large network of sources , including and especially those on the ground , is essential to follow up on cases addressed in communications .
 Meeting the demands of our population with regard to food and shelter goes hand in hand with meeting our security obligations . The fund will be governed in an open and transparent manner , with all procurement   following   Government procurement laws and all expenditure subject to external auditing . For the first time , the Timorese State will ensure social protection for those scarred by war and for the dependants of those who dedicated their lives to the struggle for national liberation .
 The Committee is referred to the core document -LRB- the country profile -RRB- in respect of the Falkland Islands contained in annex V to HRI/CORE/1/Add.62 . Save as is indicated below and in the   following   paragraphs of this report , the position as regards the matters covered by that core document remains substantially as described in it . The most up-to-date estimate of the population of the Falkland Islands -LRB- as established by the 2006 census -RRB- is 2 , 955 .
 The latter comprises mostly immigrants from Haiti and the Dominican Republican , and American , Canadian , British and other European expatriate residents and workers . Providenciales , the business and tourist centre , is the most populous island ,   followed   by the administrative capital of Grand Turk . The majority of the population is of African descent , the rest being of mixed or European origin .
 A process will be put in place to ensure systematic follow-up of significant discrepancies between certificates of expenditure , Atlas reports , and the nationally executed expenditure database . In paragraph 258 , the Board recommended that UNFPA take steps to   follow   up the differences noted between the advances outstanding according to the audit reports and the general ledger and implement measures and controls in all country offices and at headquarters to reconcile advances and expenditure per project on a regular basis . In paragraph 259 , the Board recommended that UNFPA -LRB- a -RRB- take steps to follow up on long-outstanding operating fund advances and to ensure that funds advanced are utilized for their intended purposes ; and -LRB- b -RRB- ensure that the ageing schedule of operating fund advances is accurate .
 In paragraph 258 , the Board recommended that UNFPA take steps to follow up the differences noted between the advances outstanding according to the audit reports and the general ledger and implement measures and controls in all country offices and at headquarters to reconcile advances and expenditure per project on a regular basis . In paragraph 259 , the Board recommended that UNFPA -LRB- a -RRB- take steps to   follow   up on long-outstanding operating fund advances and to ensure that funds advanced are utilized for their intended purposes ; and -LRB- b -RRB- ensure that the ageing schedule of operating fund advances is accurate . In paragraph 280 , the Board recommended that UNFPA -LRB- a -RRB- liaise with UNDP to ensure that the process of cost recovery occurs on a monthly basis ; and -LRB- b -RRB- provide for cost recovery expenditure in the biennial support budget .
 With regard to the UNDP debt , the write-off provision and inter-fund reconciliations , UNOPS is pleased to report that during the biennium 2006-2007 the inter-fund transaction first-time acceptance rate reached 98 per cent . Reconciliations with UNDP became regular and all outstanding items are now promptly identified and   followed   up . Only some 6 per cent of the inter-fund items outstanding with UNDP relate to the biennium 2006-2007 .
 Technical assistance is required in the following areas : The Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa -LRB- COMESA -RRB- is requesting assistance from UNCTAD in providing resource persons for the   following   seminars : -LRB- a -RRB- regulations and rules for the newly established Competition Commission of the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa ; and -LRB- b -RRB- capacity-building for the newly appointed Commissioners . In reply to note UNCTAD/DITC/CLP/Misc/2007/12 of 21 November 2007 .
 They work primarily through conciliation , not seeking to take the place of the judicial authorities . In serious cases , they guide or advise victims regarding steps to be   followed   in order to involve the competent authorities . Less serious cases of domestic violence are resolved by the rights houses known as Legal Clinics or Trano Aro Zo .
 General information The   following   information regarding the chairmanship of the regional groups for the month of October 2008 has been communicated to the Secretariat : African States : Kenya H.E. Mr. Zachary Muburi-Muita
 Special conferences The General Committee may wish to draw the attention of the General Assembly to the   following   :  The Committee on Conferences recommended that the General Assembly should instruct the Main Committees to review the number of special conferences of the United Nations already proposed and scheduled in their respective fields of activity prior to deciding upon the scheduling of new and additional special conferences , thus bearing in mind the relevant portions of General Assembly resolution 33/55 -LRB- recommendation 6 of the Committee on Conferences , adopted by the Assembly in decision 34/405 , para. -LRB- b -RRB- -RRB- .
 - The Commission for Citizenship and Gender Equality must strengthen its special partnerships with women 's NGOs by ensuring their administrative and financial independence , substantially increasing their human and financial resources or reorganising the way they operate and strengthening the role of the Advisory Council .  Following   a model of good governance , women 's organisations must be regarded as decisive political agents for the promotion of equality policies by increasing State support for their empowerment . - Qualified coordination of projects by equality specialists or trainers .
 Investment in human development constitutes the chief point of entry to sustainable development in the Arab region and it was from this perspective that the plan for the development of education in the Arab countries emerged . This plan will enter the stage of practical implementation   following   its adoption by this Summit , the executive measures of the plan , covering a full decade -LRB- 2008-2018 -RRB- , having been approved by the ministers of education in Tunis -LRB- July 2007 -RRB- . The Arab Summit in Riyadh welcomed this project as an Arab necessity to achieve quality , strengthen confidence in the Arab health service and improve the performance levels of health workers and managers .
 The door will be open for all to participate. President Abu Mazen affirmed that , from the Palestinian point of view , this conference must be based on terms of reference and have a framework and clear agenda for dealing with all final settlement issues : land , Jerusalem , the refugees , water and security . Direct negotiations must be resumed   following   the international conference so that all details can be discussed and a final settlement reached . President Abu Mazen responded to the questions put by ministers and the Secretary-General on the chances of success of this international conference , affirming in his replies that there had to be movement on lifting the blockade , halting the settlements and the construction of the wall as a prelude to holding the conference .
 Developments in the situation in Iraq were discussed and we listened to their opinions , proposals and assessments of the situation in the country . These delegations expressed their wish for an increased Arab role in Iraq and affirmed the importance of the role played by the Arab League , particularly its efforts to achieve Iraqi national accord , and called for the continuation and fostering of such efforts. There   follows   a review of the most significant activities undertaken by the League in this regard . I was keen to meet with Mr Hoshyar Zebari , Minister of Foreign Affairs of Iraq , whenever the opportunity arose and particularly at Arab meetings , to discuss developments in Iraq and what might be done at Arab level to assist Iraqis in these difficult circumstances .
 By proposing such a time period , he did , however , depart from - the fairly diverse - State practice at that time . The Special Rapporteur had found time periods of 90 days and of six months in treaty practice , but preferred to   follow   the proposal of the Inter-American Council of Jurists. In that regard , he noted the following : But there are , it is thought , good reasons for proposing the adoption of the longer period .
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- None of the provisions contained in either the 1969 or the 1986 Vienna Conventions is useful or specific with regard to questions relating to the formulation and communication of a withdrawal . However , it is abundantly clear from the travaux prparatoires of the 1969 Convention that , as in the case of the formulation of objections and the formulation of reservations , the procedure to be   followed   in withdrawing unilateral declarations must be identical to that followed when withdrawing a reservation . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It therefore seemed prudent to the Commission simply to take note , within the framework of the Guide to Practice , of this procedural parallelism between the withdrawal of a reservation and the withdrawal of an objection , which holds for the authority competent to make the withdrawal at the international level and the consequences -LRB- or , rather , the absence of consequences -RRB- of the violation of the rules of internal law at the time of formulation and those of notification and communication of the withdrawal .
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- None of the provisions contained in either the 1969 or the 1986 Vienna Conventions is useful or specific with regard to questions relating to the formulation and communication of a withdrawal . However , it is abundantly clear from the travaux prparatoires of the 1969 Convention that , as in the case of the formulation of objections and the formulation of reservations , the procedure to be followed in withdrawing unilateral declarations must be identical to that   followed   when withdrawing a reservation . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It therefore seemed prudent to the Commission simply to take note , within the framework of the Guide to Practice , of this procedural parallelism between the withdrawal of a reservation and the withdrawal of an objection , which holds for the authority competent to make the withdrawal at the international level and the consequences -LRB- or , rather , the absence of consequences -RRB- of the violation of the rules of internal law at the time of formulation and those of notification and communication of the withdrawal .
 Where several entities are injured by the same internationally wrongful act of an international organization , each injured State or international organization may separately invoke the responsibility of the international organization which has committed the internationally wrongful act . Draft article 50 read as   follows   : Plurality of responsible entities
 This positive trend is due in large part to the strategic approaches adopted by the UNMIT police and the national police of improved information gathering , targeted patrolling of problem areas and community policing to prevent crimes , with special attention given to areas identified as particularly volatile . For example , from 21 to 24 November ,   following   information received locally , the UNMIT police , working alongside national police officers and assisted by the international security forces , successfully conducted a weapons recovery operation in Dili 's troublesome Bairo Pite area . Recovered weapons included bows and arrows , machetes , slingshots , knives , spears and homemade guns .
 Please also provide information on the nature of the other measures contained in the resolution , including their implementation and impact . The State owned enterprises are required to adopt as a principle of good governance equality plans ,   following   a diagnosis of their situation , in order to achieve actual equal treatment and opportunities between women and men , to eliminate discriminations and to allow the reconciliation between professional , family and private life . There is an annual control of the fulfilment of this requirement through the information provided by the enterprise to the Government and the public about the way its mission was accomplished , the degree of fulfilment of its goals and the way its social responsibility policy was conducted .
 Table 7 The D-1 post for Kenya and four P-5 posts for Kenya , Chile , Ethiopia and Thailand are sought to   follow   the Lebanon model where the country Chief Security Adviser has the Chief of the Security and Safety Section of the regional commissions and the Deputy Security Adviser reporting to him/her . Both the United Nations Office at Geneva and the United Nations Office at Vienna already have existing Chiefs of Security and Safety Sections -LRB- P-5 posts -RRB- who serve as the Chief Security Adviser .
 Least developed countries ' -LRB- LDCs ' -RRB- merchandise exports grew by 21.2 per cent to increase their share from 0.85 to 0.91 per cent . Their share of world services trade remained constant at 0.5 per cent. The most dynamic growth in merchandise exports among developing regions was recorded in Asia -LRB- 16.3 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by Latin America -LRB- 12 per cent -RRB- and Africa -LRB- 10.7 per cent -RRB- . China recorded the export growth of 25.7 per cent , while that of India was 20.3 per cent , that of Brazil 16.6 per cent .
 Regarding services exports , Asia accounted for three quarters of DC exports with Latin America and Africa , representing 13 and 10 per cent respectively . Africa experienced the fastest export growth -LRB- 19.8 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by Asia -LRB- 18.9 per cent -RRB- and Latin America -LRB- 13.0 per cent -RRB- . LDCs grew by 11.4 per cent annually .
 Some of the subsistence activities include looking after livestock -LRB- such as pigs and fowls -RRB- , handicraft , fishing , and growing crops . The most common type of subsistence activity is looking after livestock which involves 7 per cent of the total population   followed   by handicraft and fishing of 6 percent and agriculture 3 per cent . About 21 per cent of the total population are involved in subsistence activities .
 Source : Health Department -LRB- Unpublished Data -RRB- The most common type of contraceptive used is Depo Provera   followed   by sterilisation . The number of family planning use decreased in 2003 , but slightly increased in 2004 .
 the Court 's responsibility and challenge to find ways to achieve a proper , diligent and transparent administration using the resources granted to it . Mexico has closely   followed   the Court 's financial development and acknowledges the efforts made and measures taken to use its resources responsibly and efficiently . Nevertheless , there is room for improvement in every financial model .
 -LRB- See Judgement No. 1125 , Mwangi -LRB- 2003 -RRB- . -RRB- The Administrative Tribunal has held that  t he Organization has to respect and   follow   its procedures in keeping with what the world expects of the United Nations. -LRB- See Judgement No. 1022 , Araim -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . -LRB- v -RRB- Acquired rights and non-retroactive application of new statutory provisions
 In 2006 , the largest occupational group of individual contractors was teachers -LRB- 220 contracts , 7.0 per cent -RRB- , followed by meeting services related -LRB- 219 contracts , 7.0 per cent -RRB- , writing , translation and interpretation related -LRB- 208 contracts , 6.6 per cent -RRB- , interpreters -LRB- 176 contracts , 5.6 per cent -RRB- and secretarial support -LRB- 139 contracts , 4.4 per cent -RRB- . In 2007 , the largest occupational group represented was writing , translation and interpretation related -LRB- 180 contracts , 5.8 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by secretarial support -LRB- 152 contracts , 4.9 per cent -RRB- , interpreters -LRB- 146 contracts , 4.7 per cent -RRB- , translators and revisers -LRB- 139 contracts , 4.3 per cent -RRB- and teachers -LRB- 133 contracts , 4.3 per cent -RRB- . This continues the trend noted in the previous biennium .
 The workshop took place in the context of consultations between the various regions and member countries of the International Telecommunication Union , with a view to implementing the Global Cybersecurity Agenda . In addition , the Office of the High Commissioner also closely   followed   the work of the Global Forum on Internet Governance and the cybersecurity summit , held in Strasbourg on 1 and 2 April 2008 by the Council of Europe , to strengthen international cooperation between police and legal authorities and Internet service providers . Activities
 Trends in appointments over the 10-year period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 2008 reveal that in the Professional and higher categories , appointments of women increased by 4.3 per cent , from 40.1 per cent to 44.4 per cent -LRB- see table 10 -RRB- . An increase of 12.5 per cent , from 26.2 to 38.7 , occurred at the P-4 level ,   followed   by an increase of 8.7 per cent at the D-1 level , from 27.3 to 36 per cent . However , despite these positive trends , significant decreases of 10.1 and 10.7 per cent respectively were registered at the D-2 and P-5 levels .
 Indeed , several United Nations system agencies have now adopted business continuity management plans and endorsed policy statements -LRB- ibid. , para . As indicated in paragraph 32 of the report , a small Business Continuity Management Unit , located within the Office of Central Support Services , Department of Management , was established in 2007 ,   following   a decision made by the Senior Emergency Policy Team . The Unit , which currently comprises three temporary positions -LRB- Chief of Unit , Business Continuity Management Specialist and Administrative Assistant -RRB- , is responsible for ensuring the viability of business continuity planning carried out by the United Nations Secretariat , offices away from Headquarters and regional commissions and for coordinating business continuity planning with the United Nations organizations located in New York .
 This requires the Board to make observations with respect to the efficiency of the financial procedures , the accounting system , the internal financial controls and , in general , the administration and management of the operations of the Tribunal . The General Assembly had also requested the Board to   follow   up on previous recommendations and to report on it accordingly . Those matters are addressed in paragraphs 10 to 21 below .
 Our representatives lobbied in favor of the rights of the peoples and Human Rights as a whole . In 2005 the CEE organized the   following   Seminars , Conferences and Workshops : -LRB- i -RRB- Civil Society and Active Citizenship with the support of the Friedrich Ebert Foundation of Germany. Havana , 29-30 March . The mains Items were the European Union integration process , Scope and limitations of the European Union cooperation policy and European Civil Society facing global problems ; -LRB- v -RRB- International Seminar on Multilateralism and Politics of Security , with the support off the Friedrich Ebert Foundation , Havana , 17-18 November .
 Source : ENCOVI 2006 , INE . The evolution of the type of assistance in childbirth between 2000 and 2005 , according to Ministry of Health statistics , was the   following   : Graph 6 Type of assistance in childbirth -LRB- in % -RRB- , 2000- 2005
 Ms. Petersen -LRB- Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela -RRB- said that her country had repeatedly raised the issue of food security in various international forums . It was important that the Board discuss UNIDO 's potential contribution to solving that problem within its mandate and in collaboration with the relevant international organizations ,   following   the guidelines of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination . Venezuela looked forward with interest to proposals that might emerge from the debate .
 The effectiveness of the Cuban civil defence services , in charge of ensuring compliance with civil defence measures and the international regulations and covenants on civil protection to which Cuba is party , was vital for the protection of human lives , including the use of mass media and the coordination with governmental and non-governmental institutions . Likewise , the discipline of people all over the country and the fact that they   followed   the information and complied with civil defence measures were key to avoiding human losses . Despite the considerable damage and devastation caused by the hurricanes , no sick person in Cuba was deprived of medical care .
 This committee includes representatives of the Secretary-General and of specialized agencies of the United Nations . The Government of the Sudan was eager to include donors on this committee by inviting observers of donor States to   follow   up on the implementation of the humanitarian protocol . This has stabilized humanitarian indicators , which is reflected in all of the Secretary-General 's reports on the situation in Darfur .
 CREB consists of three to four experienced senior professionals -LRB- usually at D or P-5 level -RRB- who have formerly been members of SBEs . CREB accepts or modifies the recommendations of SBEs. Its functioning is poorly regulated , and it basically operates   following   the established practice of previous years . Although it may change recommendations from SBEs , in many respects CREB acts as a rubber stamping administrative body , and plays no role in substantial evaluation or oversight of the examination process ; this function has in the past occasionally been carried out by ETS .
 The draft multi-year work plan for 2008-2011 is contained in document ICCD/CRIC -LRB- 7 -RRB- /2/Add.1 , and the costed draft two-year work programme for 2008-2009 is contained in the present document . In accordance with decision 3/COP.8 , the work plan and the work programme are prepared   following   a results-based management -LRB- RBM -RRB- approach . The multi-year work plan presents the expected accomplishments of the secretariat , together with related performance indicators .
 2003/16 , signed on 21 October 2003 , establishes the Investigation Task Force -LRB- ITF -RRB- , consisting of the representatives of the Office of Internal Oversight Services of the United Nations , the European Anti-Fraud Office -LRB- OLAF -RRB- and the FIU . In particular , the FIU is contributing to ITF activities with a permanent deployment of investigators ;   following   up the criminal cases deriving from ITF administrative investigations ; and co-operating and providing information and assistance to OLAF for preliminary enquiries as well as operations on the field . The FIU activities are developed according to the information collated by the examination of KCB revenues and expenditure ; intelligence activities ; activities delegated by International Prosecutors ; activities developed in co-ordination and close co-operation with other agencies ; and activities related to capacity building of Kosovo Police Service -LRB- KPS -RRB- Officers -LRB- especially those of them deployed in Economic Crime Units established within local Police Stations -RRB- .
 The share varies from 27 % in rural areas to 37 % for urban households . However , households with higher education levels have the highest expenses ,   followed   by urban households . The biggest part of housing expenses is the imputed rent , i.e. the welfare value of the house .
 The mission report recognized that there was no human rights situation in Cuba that would warrant selective treatment . The following year , 1989 , Cuba reiterated its willingness to cooperate with the United Nations Secretary-General in   following   up the recommendations contained in the report of that mission . This process was interrupted by the decision by the United States to manipulate it for its own hostile anti-Cuban purposes .
 Everyone present may remember what the Charter calls us to do : to unite our strength to maintain international peace and security . While the concept of security has changed and become broader , the onus is on us to   follow   this call of the Charter and translate it into action . The President -LRB- spoke in Spanish -RRB- : On behalf of the General Assembly , I wish to thank the President of the Republic of Finland for the statement she has just made .
 We also thank the Commission on HIV/AIDS and Governance in Africa for its report entitled Securing our future . Both reports constitute a road map that we should all   follow   if the danger of HIV/AIDS is to be contained and then eradicated . At the same time , we must also respond to the hopes and expectations of all patients by providing effective treatment .
 A summary of the discussion , the list of participants and the set of related recommendations adopted by the Committee can be found in the report of the Committee on its forty-third session -LRB- CRC/C/43/3 -RRB- . The Committee has also continued to   follow   this thematic issue closely and is in the process of preparing a general comment on the issue -LRB- see paragraph 31 above -RRB- . On 21 September 2007 , at the forty-seventh session , the day of general discussion was devoted to the issue of Resources for the rights of the child - responsibility of States .
 Both the Convention and the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities recognize the importance of the establishment of an appropriate monitoring system . The Committee has very often referred to the Paris Principles -LRB- General Assembly resolution 48/134 -RRB- as the guidelines which national human rights institutions should   follow   -LRB- see the Committee 's general comment No. 2 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- on the role of independent national human rights institutions in the promotion and protection of the rights of the child -RRB- . National human rights institutions can take many shapes or forms such as an Ombudsman or a Commissioner and may be broad-based or specific. Whatever mechanism is chosen , it must be :
 In comparison to 2006 , expenditure in 2007 under the Annual Programme Budget increased by $ 111.2 million , reflecting a higher level of available funds . As shown in Table II , UNHCR 's operations in Africa accounted for 42 per cent of expenditures ,   followed   by Asia and the Pacific -LRB- 14 per cent -RRB- and the Middle East and North Africa -LRB- 13 per cent -RRB- . The share of Headquarters decreased from 14 to 12 per cent .
 At its sixty-second session , the General Assembly still needs to fill the two remaining seats on the Committee for Programme and Coordination . At its sixty-third session , the General Assembly will need to fill the seats being vacated by the   following   States : Argentina , Armenia , Belarus , Benin , Brazil , Bulgaria , Central African Republic , Cuba , India , Indonesia , Iran -LRB- Islamic Republic of -RRB- , Israel , Italy , Pakistan , Portugal , Senegal , South Africa , Switzerland and Uruguay . In addition , a seat for the Group of Western European and other States whose term of office expires on 31 December 2008 will have to be filled .
 Request for a visit On 12 May 2006 , the Working Group requested a visit to Nepal in order to   follow   up on the recommendations of its mission in 2004 . The Working Group has not yet received a reply .
 Request for a visit The Working Group proposed September 2007 for a country visit to the Russian Federation ,   following   prior agreement in principle by the Government for the visit . However , the Government transmitted a communication on 6 February 2007 , reaffirming its agreement in principle to receive a visit , but stating that the proposed date would no longer be possible ; the visit could take place once the review of special procedures mandates was completed by the Human Rights Council .
 The Special Rapporteur 's request to visit detainees other than the captured child combatants was refused by the Government , which stated that the detainees could only meet with their defence counsels . The Ministry of Justice gave assurances that the Government 's firm policy is that nobody will be tortured and ACHR has expressed a willingness to   follow   up on any allegations of torture in coordination with UNMIS . However , no information has been provided with regard to the whereabouts of the estimated 500 persons who have been subjected to enforced disappearance .
 C. Draft general guidelines In Human Rights Council resolution 7/4 , the independent expert is requested to further develop and submit to the Council , in 2010 , updated draft general guidelines to be   followed   by States and by private and public , national and international financial institutions in the decision-making on and execution of debt repayments and structural reform policies , including those arising from foreign debt relief . The independent expert believes that in order to guarantee the acceptability of the draft guidelines and their subsequent implementation , it is essential to ensure the fullest possible participation of all stakeholders in their finalization .
 It contained no recommendations .  Following   the recommendation of ACABQ , the General Assembly took note of the report . ACABQ reiterated its request in its report on the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007 .
 In the Eastern Mediterranean and Western Pacific regions , the Global Fund was reported to be the principal source of financial support . The Western Pacific region placed greatest reliance on external funding ,   followed   by the Africa and Eastern Mediterranean regions . Countries in the Africa region presented the most diverse portfolio of support from external agencies .
 There are different proposals from previous years , any of which are important and can be helpful in our collective endeavours . We believe that through mutual respect , taking the views of all members on board ,   following   the rules of procedure and dedication , we will be able to provide the CD with a balanced and comprehensive programme of work . The PRESIDENT -LRB- spoke in French -RRB- : I thank the distinguished Ambassador of the Islamic Republic of Iran for his statement and for his kind words addressed to the Chair .
 European Union States must commit to the Barcelona childcare targets to improve the provision of care for children and other dependents , in order to ensure the equal opportunity of women and men to participate in paid employment and consequently , in economic decision-making . Governments also need to challenge the stereotyping of responsibilities in culture and the mass media , for example by   following   the example of the European Parliament 's non-legislative resolution on how marketing and advertising affect equality between women and men . Committing unreservedly to achieving Millennium Development Goal 6 -LRB- combat HIV/AIDS -RRB- , in particular targets 1 and 2 .
 2.5.12 Withdrawal of an interpretative declaration An interpretative declaration may be withdrawn at any time by the authorities competent for that purpose ,   following   the same procedure applicable to its formulation . 2.5.13 Withdrawal of a conditional interpretative declaration
 It is encouraging to note that the Seven-Party Alliance has moved in that direction in a significant manner . There is a common recognition of the critical need to maintain the cohesion of the Seven-Party Alliance and to address the failure in implementing agreements and   following   up on previous understandings . This should be an integral part of the peace process , and mechanisms need to be put in place to strengthen the architecture of the peace process in order to ensure its credibility and maintain its momentum .
 The Co-Chairs  the fair-minded and responsible mediators in this conflict  have found that this resolution does not help the peace talks . I ask the Assembly not to support Armenia , but to   follow   their lead . I ask that members not support this resolution .
 In line with the recommendations of the Independent Panel on Safety and Security of United Nations Personnel and Premises Worldwide , priorities include addressing key policy , operational and strategic weakness , improving the safety and security of locally recruited staff , providing adequate resources , improving the framework for accountability , enhancing cooperation with host Governments and Member States , and restoring public trust in the United Nations at the global and local levels . On issues under its responsibility , the Department of Safety and Security will maintain its focus on enabling effective United Nations programme delivery through achieving the   following   priority objectives : -LRB- a -RRB- effective and timely responses to , and preventive action for , all security-related threats and other emergencies ; -LRB- b -RRB- effective risk mitigation through well-coordinated security threat and risk assessment mechanisms ; and -LRB- c -RRB- high-quality security policies , standards and operational guidelines and procedures and compliance . The Department of Safety and Security will continue to amplify its efforts on -LRB- a -RRB- enhancing collaboration and dialogue between the United Nations and Member States on staff security and promoting best practices ; and -LRB- b -RRB- establishing effective mechanisms , at the country level , between United Nations designated officials and the host country authorities for information exchange , risk analysis and decisions related to security issues .
 The most disturbing news is that two seafarers have already lost their lives in similar incidents . According to information , the attackers invariably   follow   two patterns . Our concerns in this most unwarranted case are threefold .
 I am confident that your experience and wisdom will prove to be a significant asset for a productive conclusion to this final session of the Commission 's three-year cycle . I would also like to welcome the participation of the Secretary-General , Mr. Ban Ki-moon , at the opening meeting of this session , and to express my delegation 's appreciation to Ambassador Sergio Duarte and , through him , the entire staff of the Office for Disarmament Affairs for the commendable efforts they have made throughout the year in   following   up and managing disarmament issues within the United Nations . While it endorses yesterday 's statements by the representative of Indonesia on behalf of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries -LRB- NAM -RRB- and by the representative of Benin on behalf of the African Group , as well as the statement made this morning by the representative of Syria on behalf of the Arab Group , the Moroccan delegation , in its national capacity , would like to focus on a number of issues that are of particular importance for the Kingdom .
 By 47 votes to 27 , with 25 abstentions , the Assembly decided that the rule did not apply to elections to the Court and proceeded to elect the requisite number of candidates by a series of unrestricted ballots . That decision has been   followed   consistently. I shall continue with paragraph 12 of document A/63/186 :
 PIFs are reviewed by the GEF secretariat on a rolling basis , within a maximum of 10 working days ; If a PIF is cleared , it is included in the GEF work programme and posted on the Web for four weeks for consideration by the GEF Council . If the elements mentioned in paragraph 14 above are not sufficiently detailed in the PIF , the PIF is returned to the GEF agency for revision and resubmission ; Once the PIF has been approved by the Council , funds are reserved for the project , pending submission of a fully developed project document -LRB- PPG -RRB- within 18 months , after an endorsement by the CEO ; Resubmitted PIFs are usually processed within a maximum of 10 days ,   following   the steps above . The PPG proposal submission stage works as follows :
 Ms. Zhang Dan -LRB- China -RRB- stressed the importance of dialogue and international cooperation and expressed the view that the Office of the High Commissioner needed to strengthen its communication and its coordination with the Human Rights Council , respect the policy guidance from the Council and increase transparency in its work . In order to fulfil its responsibilities effectively , the Office of the High Commissioner should strictly   follow   the mandate conferred upon it by the General Assembly and better address the concerns of Member States , in particular those of the developing countries . China appreciated the statement by the High Commissioner that she intended to carry out her functions in a fair , impartial and objective manner , while avoiding politicization of the issue of human rights , and sought greater detail on the measures that were going to be taken to that end .
 12 and 14 -RRB- . A summary of these requirements of $ 1 , 733 , 100 arising from resolutions adopted at the sixth , seventh and eighth sessions of the Human Rights Council is provided in the table under paragraph 17 of the Secretary-General 's report . The Advisory Committee notes that the additional requirements of $ 1 , 733 , 100 comprise the   following   : -LRB- a -RRB- An amount of $ 466 , 700 relating to the fifth special session -LRB- A/63/587 , annex , and resolution 62/245 , sect. I , para. 3 -RRB- ;
 The substantive topics for Commission sessions -LSB- and for single-session expert meetings -RSB- will be decided upon by the Trade and Development Board , upon the recommendation of the Bureau of the Board , at least six months in advance of the Commission sessions -LSB- , and will be based on a topic or topics selected from the secretariat research or from issues of interest identified in the reports of expert meetings . In order to allow for greater responsiveness to member States ' interest in preparing for Commission sessions , between sessions the Bureau of the Trade and Development Board will   follow   up on preparations for the next Commission 's session -RSB- . -LSB- The substantive topics for Commission sessions and for single-session expert meetings will be decided upon by the Trade and Development Board , upon the recommendation of the Bureaus of the Commissions .
 Transporting used tyres from the various sources of generation to the sorting facilities represents an additional burden in terms of costs , primarily in cases where there are great distances between the points of collection and those of sorting , since tyres take up a large amount of space within the trucks in which they are transported . Safety during transportation is another factor that needs to be taken into account , requiring that stockpiling and packaging rules be strictly   followed   . Sorting is necessary to separate used tyres that can be retreaded , used tyres that can be used for other purposes and scrap tyres .
 These measures will have an impact on the costs associated with operating and maintaining the system . With regard to preventive and safety measures for workers , collective protection measures should be adopted first ,   followed   by individual protection . -LRB- b -RRB- Cryogenic tyre grinding This process is called cryogenic because whole tyres or tyre chips are cooled down to a temperature of below -80C , using liquid nitrogen .
 Second stage of procurement involving closed framework agreements without second-stage competition The Working Group considered the   following   proposed provisions : Article -LSB- 51 terdecies -RSB- . Second stage of procurement involving closed framework agreements without second-stage competition
 Ministry for the Advancement of Women This government department has the following tasks , among others : to draw up ,   follow   up and evaluate strategies for the advancement of women and girls and a national policy on gender ; to promote equal rights for women ; to inform the public and raise awareness of women 's rights ; to coordinate action to help women ; and to monitor and assess the impact of the work of non-governmental organizations and women 's associations . Establishment of the Independent National Electoral Commission
 I think it 's a simple question : if you want one copy or more copies , and just as an illustration , for my part and the Netherlands , our desire is one copy , and if necessary , upon request , a few more , under the understanding that if a copy is distributed in the Council chamber , there is no need to distribute a copy or copies in the pigeonholes . I hope that this will inspire others to   follow   suit , and I definitely intend at the end of the year to ask the secretariat what savings have been made in this manner . The PRESIDENT -LRB- spoke in French -RRB- : I thank the distinguished representative of the Netherlands for his statement .
 I applaud the manner in which President Kerim responded to the general acclaim in this Organization for the revitalization of the General Assembly in order to facilitate the construction and development of a more dynamic and efficient multilateralism while restoring the desired equilibrium between the principal organs of our system . Rest assured , Sir , that during the sixty-third session of the General Assembly , we will   follow   your dynamic example by giving all of our support to the Working Group on the revitalization of this Assembly , and we will endeavour to strengthen its role , its efficacy and its efficiency , reaffirming the leadership role assigned to it by the Charter . I also wish to acknowledge our dear Secretary-General , Mr. Ban Ki-moon , with whom I will undoubtedly work in a spirit of excellent cooperation and coordination .
 The counting of both the first-past-the-post and the proportional representation segments of the election was completed on 23 April , and the final allocation of seats won by each party was announced by the Election Commission on 25 April . CPN -LRB- M -RRB- has emerged as the largest party in the Constituent Assembly , winning 120  exactly half  of the seats in the first-past-the-post race and 100 in the proportional representation portion ,   followed   by the Nepali Congress with 37 first-past-the-post and 73 proportional representation seats , and the Communist Party of Nepal -LRB- Unified Marxist-Leninist -RRB- -LRB- UML -RRB- with 33 first-past-the-post and 70 proportional representation seats . MPRF obtained 30 first-past-the-post and 22 proportional representation seats , while the other two UDMF parties between them won 13 first-past-the-post and 16 proportional representation seats .
 Insufficient number of ratifications or accessions , additional time provided under the provisions of the treaty itself . Even though Lauterpacht 's proposals de lege ferenda envisaged objections , the Special Rapporteur did not consider it necessary to set out the procedure that should be   followed   when formulating them . See the alternative drafts of article 9 , H. Lauterpacht , First Report on the law of treaties , A/CN.4/63 , Yearbook 1953 , vol. II , pp. 91-92 .
 United Nations Environment Programme The   following   specialized agencies were represented at the session : International Labour Organization
 The developing world was , incidentally , asked to actually liberalize capital markets . That was the light we were supposed to   follow   , the image after which we were supposed to refashion ourselves . It was our great fortune that we did not do so because if we had , the world crisis today would have been a world catastrophe .
 The CST is therefore proposing the following further concrete steps to be undertaken to provide further advice to the CRIC discussion on reporting at the COP 9 on how best to measure progress on Strategic Objectives 1 , 2 and 3 of The Strategy : immediate steps : selection of a minimum set of indicators   following   the above guidelines carried out by a group of scientific experts commissioned by the CST Bureau with inputs from the Dryland Science for Development -LRB- DSD -RRB- consortium , selected for the CST 9 scientific conference , and appropriate regional processes ; undertaking capacity-building activities ; continuous refinement and harmonization of the process of measuring progress on the strategic objectives .
 We should abandon solutions that continue to enrich the rich and impoverish the poor and the vulnerable . When it comes to world trade , for example , it seems acceptable to some that wealthy countries are allowed to give subsidies to their farmers , as a result of which exports from developing countries become uncompetitive , but that developing countries are obliged to   follow   World Trade Organization rules to the letter , even if they undermine domestic economic policies formulated to protect vulnerable sectors of society . We offer facilities to foreign investors to exploit our natural resources , which are traded for high profits on the international market , while we receive a pittance in licensing fees .
 Within the transport sector , maritime transport accounted for 10 per cent of emissions in 2005 . Road transport accounted for 73 per cent ,   followed   by aviation -LRB- 12 per cent -RRB- , pipeline -LRB- 3 per cent -RRB- and rail -LRB- 2 per cent -RRB- . Unchecked , emissions from the transportation sector are expected to double by 2050 .
 Chabad 's service for children at risk in Buenos Aires has drawn the notice of United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization -LRB- UNESCO -RRB- and the United Nations Children 's Fund -LRB- UNICEF -RRB- representatives . Well acquainted with the hopeless pattern of Latin America 's street children and the dismal results of social service agencies trying to mainstream them , they praise IELADEINU as a model to be   followed   universally ,  worthy of influencing public policies on medical and social services programs for children at risk . CONCLUSION , LOOKING FORWARD
 -LRB- c -RRB- An applicant has previously submitted the contested administrative decision for management evaluation , where required ; and -LRB- d -RRB- The application is filed within the   following   applicable deadline : -LRB- i -RRB- In cases where a management evaluation of the contested decision is required :
 These questions appear to have received different answers depending on the type of immunity considered .  Following   a construction that seems to be widely accepted by States , judicial organs and scholars , issues concerning beneficiaries , covered acts and possible exceptions are often examined with reference to two distinct categories of immunity of State officials , namely immunity ratione personae and immunity ratione materiae . The present Part adopts a structure reflecting this fundamental distinction .
 The Group has contacted representatives of Emirates Gold , who indicated that they are guarding frozen funds belonging to UCI and Machanga Limited at the Bank of Nova Scotia , pending instructions to release these funds to a supervised account in Uganda . The Group intends to   follow   up this issue , as well as why UCI continued to trade with Emirates Gold . C. FDLR-FARDC collaboration
 My Office , through the Anti-Discrimination Unit , is already providing assistance to Member States and to groups of victims along those lines . My Office has also strongly supported the mechanisms put in place to   follow   up the implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action . Race , religion and ethnicity are important root causes of ongoing violent conflicts in different parts of the world .
 Rather , we chose to focus on building democracy and improving the quality of life of our people and promoting respect for the rule of law and human rights . We feel that that is a wise option that Timor-Leste might consider   following   , and we respectfully encourage the Council to consider that alternative . Mr. Dolgov -LRB- Russian Federation -RRB- -LRB- spoke in Russian -RRB- : We thank Under-Secretary-General Jean-Marie Guhenno for his substantive briefing on the latest developments in Timor-Leste and for introducing the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the United Nations Integrated Mission in Timor-Leste -LRB- UNMIT -RRB- -LRB- S/2008/26 -RRB- .
 Typically , a transferee or a licensee will ensure that it obtained an effective transfer or licence in the States in which the intellectual property right is protected . Similarly , a secured creditor will inquire from the owner , transferee or licensee in which States an intellectual property right is protected and   follow   the rules of those States to obtain a security right , make it effective against third parties or enforce it . In addition , under the principle of minimum rights , all States parties to those conventions accord a basic level of protection to intellectual property rights holders and their successors .
 Calls upon all Member States , the United Nations and other appropriate international , regional and subregional organizations to implement the United Nations Global Counter-Terrorism Strategy , 1 as well as the resolution on the first biennial review of the Strategy , 2 in all its aspects at the international , regional , subregional and national levels without delay , including through mobilizing resources and expertise ; Recalls the pivotal role of the General Assembly in   following   up the implementation and updating of the Strategy , and in this regard also recalls its invitation to the Secretary-General to contribute to the future deliberations of the General Assembly , and requests the Secretary-General when doing so to provide information on relevant activities within the Secretariat to ensure overall coordination and coherence in the counter-terrorism efforts of the United Nations system ; Reiterates that criminal acts intended or calculated to provoke a state of terror in the general public , a group of persons or particular persons for political purposes are in any circumstances unjustifiable , whatever the considerations of a political , philosophical , ideological , racial , ethnic , religious or other nature that may be invoked to justify them ;
 Bearing in mind the provisions of the Criminal Procedure Code , which does not expressly prohibit evidence obtained in confessions made under detention , Romania asked what measures the Government plans to strengthen in its Criminal Procedure Code , in order to ensure that such statements are not used in any legal proceedings . It also asked how the Government intends to   follow   up on and ensure implementation of the outcome of the review and if it plans to meet with key stakeholders after the review to debrief and discuss implementation of the outcome of the review . Yemen noted the great importance given by Tunisia to all human rights , including civil and political rights that are enjoyed by a large number of NGOs .
 In its judgement No. C-169 of 2001 , the Constitutional Court of Colombia held that genuine , representative and participatory democracy can be said to exist only when the formal and material composition of the system adequately reflects the various forces that make up society and enables all of them to participate in the adoption of decisions that concern them . The Colombian State ,   following   the guidelines set out in International Labour Organization -LRB- ILO -RRB- Convention No. 169 , carries out processes of prior consultation as a prerequisite for the implementation of projects , legislative initiatives or administrative acts that have an impact on areas where indigenous peoples are present . The overall aim of prior consultation is to provide an opportunity for participation in which the ethnic groups located in the area of influence of a project , construction work or activity and the company engaged in it can hold a direct dialogue on the potential effects and impacts of these activities and can plan and reach consensus on agreements for mitigating and/or offsetting them .
 UNOMIG issued 12 violation reports , for the most part involving isolated military vehicles observed on route M-27 or in the town of Zugdidi . The agreed procedures for notification and verification of movements through the security zone to and from upper Kodori Valley , in most cases were not   followed   by the Georgian side during the reporting period . Criminal incidents reported to UNOMIG military observers during the period under review included 3 killings , 1 attempted killing , 6 robberies and 13 abductions .
 -LRB- g -RRB- Ascertain and address the reasons for the increasing cash balances in relation to programme delivery -LRB- para. 100 -RRB- ; -LRB- h -RRB- Continue to   follow   up all trust funds in deficit and recover from the donors expenditure incurred in excess of the funding received -LRB- para. 110 -RRB- ; -LRB- i -RRB- Establish further processes and stricter controls over inter-fund accounts as part of its agreement with other agencies -LRB- para. 123 -RRB- ;
 UNDP informed the Board that account 21020 was used by country offices to record miscellaneous payables and the Office of Finance and Administration provided offices with guidance on how to analyse and clear the account balance . The Office of Finance and Administration also required offices to submit an analysis at the end of each year and during the year , and where it identified unusually large balances it   followed   them up with the offices concerned . UNDP agreed with the Board 's recommendation that it implement stricter controls to ensure regular review and follow-up of accounts payable balances included in the Other accounts payable account .
 The Board noted that there was a risk that the amount would not be traceable and therefore the agency to which the balances belonged would not be identified or the funds correctly disclosed . UNDP indicated that it would   follow   up on the trust funds and clear them in 2008 . United Nations operating fund account
 Notwithstanding the efforts exerted by SCW , the children of a Bahraini mother and foreign father may only be granted Bahraini nationality if they fulfil the conditions of the law in force . However , we should add here that , albeit the law has not been amended , the Government ,   following   directives from His Majesty the King , does grant citizenship to the children of a Bahraini mother and foreign father , using the legal powers vested in the King , and allow them access to educational services . Question 5 :
 Organization of work  Following   a proposal by the Chairman , the Committee decided to extend the deadline for submitting the draft proposal on Western Sahara for 24 hours , until 8 October at 6 p.m . Second Committee
 The Honduras Family Allowance Programme includes provision of a voucher to pregnant and lactating mothers and to children under 3 years as a way to improve their health and nutrition . Conditional cash transfers which provide monetary resources to households on condition that they   follow   specific requirements are now being implemented in Latin America , Africa and Asia with some degree of success . Social health insurance is being implemented in a number of countries , including most recently Rwanda and Ghana .
 According to the UNMIK/OCRM database , the number of forced returnees from January to June 2008 stands at 1 , 332 persons . The highest number of forced returns are from Germany ,   followed   by Switzerland and Sweden . Kosovo has an obligation to accept the repatriation of Kosovars , who have no legal status in host countries , in accordance with the UNHCR recommendations on the Continued International Protection Needs of Individuals from Kosovo .
 With regard to the ratification of the Optional Protocols to the Convention against Torture and CRC , the delegation noted that these ratifications are already stipulated in 2008 and 2009 by the national plan . In the course of the discussion , the   following   conclusions were made , with the agreement of the State under review : Efforts and specific measures taken to combat trafficking in persons , especially women and children , were commended .
 The convening of the Meeting was endorsed by the General Assembly in its resolution 62/215 -LRB- para. 26 -RRB- . The Meeting had before it the   following   documents : a note by the Registrar of the Tribunal on the election procedures -LRB- SPLOS/165 -RRB- ; the list of candidates nominated by States Parties -LRB- SPLOS/166 -RRB- ; and the curriculum vitae of a candidate nominated by the Government of China -LRB- SPLOS/167 -RRB- . Opening of the Special Meeting
 The central review bodies play an important role in ensuring that qualified and suitable candidates are reviewed and recommended . They review proposals to fill vacancies made by the department or office concerned to ensure that candidates have been evaluated on the basis of the evaluation criteria and that the applicable procedures were   followed   and consider whether the proposal is reasoned and objectively justifiable on the basis of pre-approved evaluation criteria and whether the record indicates the existence of a mistake of fact , law or procedure , prejudice or improper motive that could have prevented the full and fair consideration of the requisite qualifications and experience of the candidates . The General Assembly , in its resolution 61/244 , called upon the Secretary-General to ensure the proper functioning and the effective role of the central review bodies across the Organization .
 44 of these disputes relate at least in part to that country 's financial crisis in the early part of this decade . Mexico continues to have the second highest number of known claims -LRB- 18 -RRB- ,   followed   by the Czech Republic -LRB- 14 -RRB- , Canada -LRB- 13 -RRB- , the United States -LRB- 12 -RRB- , Ecuador -LRB- 11 -RRB- , India , Poland and Ukraine -LRB- 9 cases each -RRB- , and Egypt , Romania , the Russian Federation and the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela -LRB- 8 cases each -RRB- . Seven countries faced arbitration proceedings for the first time in the period from the beginning of 2007 to October 2008 .
 As many as 90 per cent of known disputes were initiated by firms headquartered in developed countries . A large majority of cases was initiated on the grounds of violation of a BIT provision -LRB- 78 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by provisions under the North American Free Trade Agreement -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- -LRB- 14 per cent -RRB- and the Energy Charter Treaty -LRB- 6 per cent -RRB- . In 2007 , the first two cases were initiated on the grounds of alleged violations of the Central America-Dominican Republic-United States Free Trade Agreement -LRB- CAFTA-DR -RRB- .
 Composition of the staff of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights In its resolution 7/2 of 27 March 2008 , the Council requested the High Commissioner to submit a comprehensive and updated report to the Council in 2009 , in accordance with its annual programme of work ,   following   the structure and scope of her report and with a special focus on further measures taken to correct the imbalance in geographical composition of the staff of the Office . The Council will consider the report of the High Commissioner at a future session in 2009 .
 It is important for Iraq and its neighbours to focus their efforts on achieving more tangible outcomes at these meetings and ensure proper follow-up . I welcome the positive step taken by Bahrain to commit to reopening an embassy in Baghdad and I look forward to other Arab States among Iraq 's neighbours   following   suit . In this regard , I would also welcome further steps by the Government of Iraq to encourage this development .
 Future meetings of the Committee At its ninetieth session , the Committee confirmed the   following   schedule of meetings for 2008 : ninety-fourth session from 13 to 31 October 2008 . At its ninety-third session , it confirmed the following schedule of meetings for 2009 : ninety-fifth session from 9 to 27 March 2009 , ninety-sixth session from 13 to 31 July 2009 and ninety-seventh session from 12 to 30 October 2009 .
 Its conclusions can not rely on rumour or assumption ; they must be supported by reliable evidence that will be admissible before a tribunal . The search for justice must be allowed to   follow   its course . As the preparatory steps for the Special Tribunal for Lebanon continue , the Commission remains committed to that search with vigour and determination .
 -LRB- c -RRB- Organization of work ; -LRB- d -RRB- Presentation of submissions and the procedure to be   followed   in respect thereto ; -LRB- e -RRB- Procedures for maintaining the confidentiality and inadmissibility of verbal or written statements made during the mediation process ;
 Real economic growth in Africa is projected to slightly improve to 6.2 per cent in 2008 compared with 5.8 per cent in 2007 -LRB- figure 8 -RRB- . East Africa is expected to continue to lead the five regions with a growth rate of 6.6 per cent ,   followed   by West Africa -LRB- 6.4 per cent -RRB- , Southern Africa -LRB- 6.3 per cent -RRB- , North Africa -LRB- 6.1 per cent -RRB- and Central Africa -LRB- 5.4 per cent -RRB- . West Africa is projected to have the largest increase in GDP growth , owing to increased oil production and solid growth in Nigeria .
 In a society that is rebuilding , it must be clear that the international assistance it receives is designed to strengthen the exercise of its own sovereignty , with full respect for international law and the principles of the United Nations Charter . It must be equally clear that there is a time limit to the provision of aid and that it must   follow   a programme with clear objectives to measure its progress and viability . For those who are cooperating , the strategic association must respect political as well as social , economic and historical characteristics and must be based on a long-term commitment on the basis of indicators of progress .
 Moreover , the CST has been requested to present the same costed two-year work programme to COP 9 for consideration and adoption . The Committee at its special session may wish to deliberate on the draft two-year work programme for 2008-2009 and to provide the appropriate guidance pursuant to this decision to prepare a costed draft two-year work programme for 2010-2011 , taking an RBM approach and   following   budget-based management principles . Taking into account the provisions of decision 3/COP.8 , which request the CST to develop elements for provision of advice on how best to measure progress on strategic objectives 1 , 2 and 3 of The Strategy , the CST may wish to identify milestones to be followed for the development of key indicators to provide specific guidance to the CRIC in this regard .
 An estimated 2.2 million Iraqis -LRB- 8 per cent of Iraq 's population -RRB- have fled Iraq since 2003 ; another 2.5 million -LRB- 9 per cent of the population -RRB- are estimated to be displaced within Iraq 's borders . Syria hosts the bulk of Iraqi refugees -LRB- an estimated 1.5 million -RRB- ,   followed   by Jordan -LRB- 450 , 000-500 , 000 -RRB- . Egypt , the Islamic Republic of Iran , Lebanon and Turkey host smaller populations of Iraqi refugees .
 Selection process As per the decision of the COP , the CST Bureau , at its meeting in Bonn , Germany , on 19 February 2008 , decided to select a consortium of institutions   following   the annexed terms of reference , initiated the selection process and agreed to the content of the call for expressions of interest which can be accessed under : Key stakeholders with knowledge of and a keen interest in the above thematic topic that were prepared to play a key role in assisting the CST to realize its goal were called on to express an interest in collaborating with the Bureau of the CST in organizing the conference .
 A summary of the discussion , the list of participants and the set of related recommendations adopted by the Committee can be found in the report of the Committee on its forty-third session -LRB- CRC/C/43/3 -RRB- . The Committee has also continued to   follow   this thematic issue closely and is in the process of preparing a general comment on the issue -LRB- see paragraph 31 above -RRB- . On 21 September 2007 , at the forty-seventh session , the day of general discussion was devoted to the issue of Resources for the rights of the child - responsibility of States .
 Both the Convention and the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities recognize the importance of the establishment of an appropriate monitoring system . The Committee has very often referred to the Paris Principles -LRB- General Assembly resolution 48/134 -RRB- as the guidelines which national human rights institutions should   follow   -LRB- see the Committee 's general comment No. 2 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- on the role of independent national human rights institutions in the promotion and protection of the rights of the child -RRB- . National human rights institutions can take many shapes or forms such as an Ombudsman or a Commissioner and may be broad-based or specific. Whatever mechanism is chosen , it must be :
 They should be able to identify the earliest signs of disability and make the appropriate referrals for diagnosis and management . Therefore , the Committee recommends that States parties establish systems of early identification and early intervention as part of their health services , together with birth registration and procedures for   following   the progress of children identified with disabilities at an early age . Services should be both community- and home-based , and easy to access .
 It has continued to promote , and contributed to the protection of , the rights to life , personal security and integrity ; and the exercise of freedoms of expression , association and assembly . It has   followed   closely the work of the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia for the Prosecution of Crimes committed during the period of Democratic Kampuchea -LRB- ECCC -RRB- , with a view to importing good practices into the wider judiciary . It has monitored and analysed the management of land and natural resources and its impact on economic , social and cultural rights , in particular the right to property of land , to adequate housing , and indigenous peoples ' rights to land and resources .
 C. Rule of law and the justice sector The Office continued to   follow   with keen interest developments in the justice sector - a sector to which it has devoted much attention and resources in the past 14 years . Its rule of law programme works with relevant government institutions , to support their efforts to ensure that laws comply with international human rights standards and are effectively implemented .
 Since November 2007 , the Office has started to monitor the proceedings of the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia -LRB- ECCC -RRB- , set up to try senior Democratic Kampuchea leaders and those most responsible for crimes committed during the dark period -LRB- 1975-1978 -RRB- . The role of the Office in this respect is to   follow   the ECCC proceedings so as to identify good practices and model proceedings that could be imported as sources of awareness , education and inspiration for judges , prosecutors and lawyers in the wider justice system , and to contribute to a dynamic that will address crimes of recent years which are still unpunished . In this regard , 2007 has witnessed positive developments in addressing some of the crimes of the past .
 That negatively affects opportunities for employment creation , and , as a result , significantly adds to the supply of labour entering the rural labour market . Land distribution does not   follow   the rule of supply and demand . Land is limited , and its distribution follows political decisions .
 He recalls the Committee 's jurisprudence and general comment No. 20 -LRB- 1992 -RRB- on prohibition of torture , or other cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment , to the effect that complaints of torture and ill-treatment must be investigated promptly and impartially by competent authorities so as to make the remedy effective . 3.2 According to the author , his complaint was not investigated by an independent body with the capacity to impartially examine the allegations against police officers , but by fellow police officers   following   merely an Oral Administrative Inquiry . 3.3 The author adds that the disciplinary proceedings offer no guarantees of impartiality .
 This was further proof of the inadequate legal advice he had been given . He had reasonably   followed   the advice of his lawyers not to continue with his appeal , which they had been led to believe - and themselves implied - was sure to fail . Although articles 1024 ff. of the new Code of Civil Procedure restrictively lay down the strict conditions relating to abandonment , the author had received impartial advice .
 The United Nations must take action in areas where shortfalls existed , and must act as a forum in which a broad range of stakeholders could share lessons learned on ways to make aid more effective . The High-level Forum on Aid Effectiveness held in Accra in September 2008 was a good step that should be   followed   by other concerted action . Additional resources must be allocated to financing for development to address the increased workload stemming from the Follow-up International Conference on Financing for Development to Review the Implementation of the Monterrey Consensus scheduled for late November 2008 and to expand the Organization 's capacity to evaluate and make recommendations on new initiatives , particularly those relating to innovative sources of financing .
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- None of the provisions contained in either the 1969 or the 1986 Vienna Conventions is useful or specific with regard to questions relating to the formulation and communication of a withdrawal . However , it is abundantly clear from the travaux prparatoires of the 1969 Convention that , as in the case of the formulation of objections and the formulation of reservations , the procedure to be   followed   in withdrawing unilateral declarations must be identical to that followed when withdrawing a reservation . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It therefore seemed prudent to the Commission simply to take note , within the framework of the Guide to Practice , of this procedural parallelism between the withdrawal of a reservation and the withdrawal of an objection , which holds for the authority competent to make the withdrawal at the international level and the consequences -LRB- or , rather , the absence of consequences -RRB- of the violation of the rules of internal law at the time of formulation and those of notification and communication of the withdrawal .
 More recently , the World Bank announced that its investments in agriculture and rural development increased in fiscal year 2007 for the fourth straight year , reaching $ 3.1 billion , or 12 per cent of total Bank lending . The bulk of this went to South Asia ,   followed   by sub-Saharan Africa . Total official development assistance flows from the major donor countries in 2006 fell by 4.5 per cent to $ 104.4 billion .
 In February 2008 , all departments and offices funded from the support account were requested to review the criteria set out in the report of the Secretary-General -LRB- A/45/493 -RRB- , bearing in mind the context in which they had been set out , namely , prior to the formal establishment by the General Assembly of the peacekeeping operations support account and the then existing ad hoc nature of the backstopping of peacekeeping operations , whereby the authority for the establishment of the peacekeeping backstopping posts was under the Secretary-General 's authority . The Administration will continue to   follow   up on the matter . Department responsible : Department of Management Status : In progress Priority : High Target date : Third quarter of 2008
 Only after an article in a test magazine had given an indication for radiation exposure the defendant initiated tests of four samples of the delivered goods proving radiation exposure .  Following   the test reports , the defendant complained by letter about the radiation exposure of the goods delivered . Subsequently it demanded damages .
 ISAF is currently composed of approximately 52 , 700 soldiers organized into 18 brigades , one Marine Expeditionary Unit , 26 provincial reconstruction teams and other elements . The Southern Region is the strongest regional command , with 23 , 800 troops ,   followed   by the Eastern Region with 16 , 200 troops , the Central Region with 5 , 900 , the Northern Region with 4 , 300 and the Western Region with 2 , 500 soldiers . Operation Enduring Freedom
 Some of these countries are new to our programming , while in others Rights &amp; Democracy has been working for several years . Rights &amp; Democracy also works at the regional level , at the Organization of American States and the African Commission on Human and Peoples ' Rights , and at the international level , where it   follows   the work of the Human Rights Council and its special mechanisms . In all cases , Rights &amp; Democracy works with civil society partners , public institutions and international organizations internationally and in Canada .
 The new constitution of Kosovo and the Ahtisaari package meet the highest standards of human rights and offer widespread protection to all the communities living in Kosovo , especially to the Serbs of Kosovo . We are convinced that ,   following   the guidelines of the Secretary-General of the United Nations , all necessary actions will be taken as soon as possible : the United Nations presence will be reconfigured and the European Union Rule of Law Mission Kosovo  EULEX  will be spread over the entire territory of Kosovo , thus avoiding any vacuum of power and imposition of competences on top of each other and preventing any possible regressive attempt , regardless of where it may have originated , against this Euro-Atlantic process . Albania deems as unfounded the efforts to draw parallels between Kosovo and the regions of Georgia  Abkhazia and South Ossetia .
 The countries of the Western Balkans all belong in the European Union and we , the United Kingdom , and all our partners in the EU and NATO , are committed to helping them join on the basis of conditions that the EU has laid down . But those who cite EU treaties and aspire to EU futures must   follow   EU values . And these values include the strongest possible commitment to building peaceful , prosperous , tolerant and multi-ethnic societies .
 -LRB- b -RRB- There were amounts that were advanced to implementing partners for extended periods of time , sometimes exceeding one year , on which UNFIP , in accordance with its policy , had not followed up as the project had not been completed ; however , UNFIP had reflected those amounts as current on its age analysis . There is a risk that advances -LRB- and related interest -RRB- that are receivable for long periods are not being   followed   up on , as projects that have not been completed are still reflected as current . This risk also applies to projects that were extended -LRB- approved by the United Nations Foundation as a no-cost extension -RRB- and subsequently not followed up on , as they were also reflected as current .
 It was stressed that exceeding the limits of sustainable use would adversely affect the quantity and quality not only of aquifer water but also of the water in discharge zones located in the maritime environment . The point was also made that the draft article should   follow   closely the language of the comparable article of the 1997 Convention on the Law of the Non-navigational Uses of International Watercourses to avoid a different or contradictory interpretation . -LRB- f -RRB- Draft article 6  Obligation not to cause significant harm to other aquifer States
 22.14 The World Conference on Disaster Reduction adopted the Hyogo Framework for Action 2005-2015 : Building the Resilience of Nations and Communities to Disasters -LRB- see A/CONF.206/6 and Corr.1 -RRB- , setting out strategic goals , priorities of action and implementation and follow-up activities within the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction system . The focus of the subprogramme is to meet the expected outcome of the Hyogo Framework for Action ,   following   a twofold strategy to achieve its objective concurrent with the focus of activities undertaken with the two participating organizations , namely , the secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction and the United Nations Development Programme -LRB- UNDP -RRB- . 22.15 The International Strategy for Disaster Reduction secretariat will continue to act as a facilitating and coordination body on disaster risk reduction in respect of policy development , advocacy , strategic information and knowledge management , regional support and resource mobilization .
  Chairman of the Centre for Services and Information on Disability : involved comprehensively with development and management of community-based rehabilitation programmes targeting inclusive education and livelihood management facilitation promoting self-help groups of persons with disabilities in the districts of Barisal , Dhaka and Sylhet since 1998 up to 9 March 2008 .  Chairman of the Centre for Disability and Development : provided guidance in establishing a country-wide community-based rehabilitation programme   following   an innovative approach , Community Approaches to Handicap in Development , from 1996 to 9 March 2008 .  Provided leadership , direction and advice in mobilizing collective social movement for establishing equal opportunities and full participation in the lives of citizens with disabilities of Bangladesh by enacting requisite law .
 The substantive topics for commission sessions will be decided upon by the Trade and Development Board , upon the recommendation of the Bureau of the Board , at least six months in advance of the commission session , and will be based on a topic or topics selected from the secretariat research or from issues of interest identified in the reports of expert meetings . In order to allow for greater responsiveness to member States ' interest in preparing for commission sessions , between sessions the Bureau of the Trade and Development Board will   follow   up on preparations for the next commission 's session . Commission sessions will be held at the same time each year in the Spring and back-to-back , in order to allow better planning and attendance , including from capitals .
 In accordance with past practice , the Committee was to be composed of the same nine States as appointed by the General Assembly to serve on the Credentials Committee at its sixty-second session . The composition of the Credentials Committee was thus as   follows   : Angola , China , Chile , Namibia , Russian Federation , Singapore , Switzerland , Suriname and the United States of America . -LRB- b -RRB- Report of the Credentials Committee
 In line with decision 3/COP.8 which requires the subsidiary bodies and Convention institutions to provide costed two-year work programmes , general costing estimates for carrying out the work programmes are presented in these documents . Considering that 2008-2009 is a transitional period , and that the first budget requirements to   follow   a results-based budgeting approach will be submitted to COP 9 in 2009 , only indications of the resource needs are submitted to CRIC 7 . It is understood that the emphasis of the CRIC will be on providing guidance on the methodology and proposed strategic orientations rather than on considering related budgetary issues .
 Note : For the purpose of this analysis , Hong Kong , China , and Macao , China , are counted as individual International Monetary Fund members . According to table 2 , among the regions that comprise the developing world , Latin America and the Caribbean has the highest combined GDDS and SDDS subscription rate -LRB- 95 per cent of IMF member countries -RRB- ,   followed   by Africa -LRB- 79 per cent -RRB- , largely a result of their high subscription rates for GDDS . When it comes to SDDS subscription , Europe and North America lead the way -LRB- with 79 per cent -RRB- , while Asia and the Pacific and Latin America and the Caribbean are on a par -LRB- 31 per cent and 32 per cent , respectively -RRB- .
 Among countries that had reported to the Statistics Division at least once between 1999 and 2007 , 49 per cent produced at least six tables and 27 per cent produced all the tables required for MRDS . East and North-East Asia has the highest proportion of countries -LRB- 83 per cent -RRB- that can provide at least six MRDS tables ,   followed   by South and South-West Asia -LRB- 70 per cent -RRB- . The Pacific lags far behind , with only 13 per cent of countries producing at least six tables .
 -LRB- d -RRB- Screen and prioritize all incoming correspondence ; -LRB- e -RRB- Compile relevant background documents and references , identify issues requiring the Director 's attention and refer others to the relevant officer for appropriate disposition ; and monitor and   follow   up on actions to be taken ; -LRB- f -RRB- Scan reports from specialized agencies , as well as newspapers , magazines and other periodicals and other information sources to identify articles of interest to the Director ; independently handle a wide range of complex information requests and inquiries -LRB- e.g. , answer requests requiring file or other research -RRB- ;
 In the second situation , a rights holder creates a security right and then transfers its intellectual property rights . In this case , following generally applicable property law principles that a property right   follows   the asset in the hands of a transferee , lessee or licensee -LRB- droit de suite of property rights -RRB- , the UNCITRAL Secured Transactions Guide provides that the transferee , lessee or licensee takes the encumbered asset subject to the security right -LRB- see recommendation 79 ; the exceptions are discussed in the priority section in A/CN.9/WG.VI/WP.33/Add.1 -RRB- . It should also be noted that , under the UNCITRAL Secured Transactions Guide , the prior security right only prevails if it has also gained third-party effectiveness by a proper filing in the general security rights registry .
 In such cases , the Committee on Confidentiality shall establish an investigating body consisting of three or five of its members . The work of the investigating body shall be conducted in strict confidentiality and shall   follow   established procedures with regard to due process . Having completed its examination of the case , the investigating body shall prepare a report on its findings .
 UNOPS is pleased to report that during the 2006-2007 biennium the inter-fund transaction first-time acceptance rate reached 98 per cent . Reconciliations with UNDP became regular , and all outstanding items are now promptly identified and   followed   up . Only some 6 per cent of the items currently outstanding in the inter-fund with UNDP relate to the 2006-2007 biennium , while the remaining 94 per cent are from the 2004-2005 biennium and prior periods .
 2 FCCC/SBI/2006/11 , paragraph 112 . 3 Decision 36/CMP.1 states that credentials from Parties to the Kyoto Protocol would apply for the participation of their representatives in sessions of the COP and the CMP , and a single report on credentials would be submitted for approval ,   following   established procedures , by the Bureau of the COP to the COP and to the CMP . 5 Decision 3/CMP.1 , annex , paragraphs 2-5 .
 5 Decision 3/CMP.1 , annex , paragraphs 2-5 . 6   Following   the requests by the CMP at its second and third sessions , the report of the Executive Board to the CMP covers the period from the previous session of the CMP to the Executive Board meeting that takes place just prior to the one held in conjunction with the session of the CMP -LRB- decision 1/CMP.2 , para. 11 , and decision 2/CMP.3 , para . 7 FCCC/KP/AWG/2008/3 , paragraph 21 .
 Resource constraints and a simplistic interpretation of the MoU by field officers are the main reasons why UNEP has not established enough environmental focal points in UNDP country offices . The Inspector noted with interest Guidelines for integrating disaster strategy for disaster reduction into CCA and UNDAF and Guiding principles : national platforms for disaster risk reduction as a possible best practice that can be   followed   . The Inspector is of the view that , as part of the CCA/UNDAF processes and in consultation with the relevant agencies and MEAs , the Secretary-General with the assistance of UNEP and UNDP should develop guidelines for establishing national and regional platforms and coordinating mechanisms to streamline compliance of Member States with MEAs so as to ensure the implementation of environmental protection and sustainable development policies and have the MoU between UNEP and UNDP revised accordingly .
 The conference was an important step in raising awareness and enhancing political dialogue on the development of transit transportation in and through Central Asia , including Afghanistan and Mongolia , and in taking stock of the progress made in the implementation of the Programme of Action , thereby substantially contributing to its current midterm review .  Following   the conference deliberations , a joint Dushanbe statement was agreed upon by the delegations of Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan , Afghanistan and Mongolia . The text of the statement covers , inter alia , key issues related to fundamental transit transport policies ; transport infrastructure development and maintenance ; trade , transit and transport facilitation and public private partnerships .
 Mobile telephony continues to register strong growth in the developing world , where the number of mobile phone subscribers tripled between 2002 and 2006 , accounting for up to 58 per cent of subscribers in the world . The highest growth rate in subscribers and penetration has been in Africa ,   followed   by developing Asia . According to UNCTAD estimates , the WSIS goal of ensuring that more than half the world 's inhabitants have access to ICTs within their reach by 2015 is likely to be met in 2008 with respect to mobile phone penetration , which is predicted to reach almost 50 per cent in developing countries .
 The evidence used by the commission included judicial decisions and testimonies of former cult members , according to BFRL .  Following   the report , a government body -LRB- the current version is the Inter-Ministerial Monitoring Mission against Sectarian Abuses - MIVILUDES -RRB- was created to monitor the activities of such religious cults . In 2001 , the About-Picard law was passed , which , according to BFRL , placed tighter restrictions on associations , especially cults , and facilitated the dissolution of such groups .
 As a new approach is required in dealing with this crisis , such a meeting would provide a unique opportunity for reflection , consideration and possible action . Given the enormity of the challenges that lie ahead , the need to have someone   following   events on daily basis and engaging the parties on a more regular basis is self-evident . That is why Jan Eliasson and I very much look forward to the appointment of a common AU-United Nations chief mediator , who will be based in Khartoum .
 Lastly , regional tensions must be calmed . We welcome the commitment of regional partners , especially that of Libya and the Congo , to   follow   up the Dakar Accord . It is in the interest of both the Sudan and Chad to re-establish cooperative and good-neighbourly relations .
 A list of the documents issued by the Special Committee in 2008 is contained in the annex to the present chapter . At its 10th meeting , on 19 June 2008 , the Special Committee considered the item and noted that , during the year , it had closely   followed   the guidelines set forth in the resolutions of the General Assembly on the pattern of conferences , in particular resolution 62/225 of 22 December 2007 . By organizing its programme of work effectively and holding extensive consultations , the Committee had striven to keep the number of its formal meetings to a minimum .
 Those decisions are reflected in recommendations of the Special Committee to the General Assembly -LRB- see chap . The Special Committee took into account the relevant resolutions and decisions of the Human Rights Council at its sixth to the eighth sessions and continued to   follow   the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination . Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries , the African Union , the Caribbean Community and the Pacific Islands Forum on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely followed the work of these intergovernmental organizations .
 The Special Committee took into account the relevant resolutions and decisions of the Human Rights Council at its sixth to the eighth sessions and continued to follow the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination . Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries , the African Union , the Caribbean Community and the Pacific Islands Forum on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of these intergovernmental organizations . Having regard to the relevant provisions of General Assembly resolutions 62/119 and 62/120 , the Special Committee continued to follow closely the activities of non-governmental organizations having a special interest in the field of decolonization -LRB- see A/AC.109/2008/18 -RRB- and the present report -LRB- para. 24 above -RRB- .
 Although the focus will be on national implementation activities , another objective of the framework is to improve international cooperation on ageing , including the institutional capacity of the United Nations system to support national policy efforts on ageing . This will include , for example , maintaining and strengthening the role of the United Nations focal points on ageing to enable them to fulfil their responsibilities for furthering the implementation of the Madrid Plan of Action   following   the priorities and approaches to be outlined in the strategic implementation framework . Structure and major elements of the framework
 The subsequent Convention-specific document , which , together with the common core document , forms a subsequent periodic report , should focus on the period between the consideration of the State party 's previous report and the presentation of the current report . Periodic Convention-specific documents should be structured so as to   follow   the main clusters -LRB- parts I-IV -RRB- of the Convention . If there is nothing new to report under any article , it should be so stated .
 The IAEA document INFCIRC/225 , entitled The Physical Protection of Nuclear Material and Nuclear Facilities , though a voluntary guidance for member States , has been used as a basis for inspection and enforcement in Pakistan . We are also   following   the guidance contained in the IAEA Code of Conduct on the Safety and Security of Radioactive Sources and are participating in the IAEA 's Illicit Trafficking Database . The law establishing the Pakistan Nuclear Regulatory Authority -LRB- PNRA -RRB- mandates that body to ensure that appropriate measures for the physical protection of nuclear installations and nuclear materials are taken by all licensees .
 Recommendation of the First Committee The First Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft decision : Maintenance of international security  good-neighbourliness , stability and development in South-Eastern Europe
 Membership and composition In accordance with Council decision 2006/267 of 15 December 2006 , the Commission has 43 members , with the   following   geographical distribution : -LRB- a -RRB- Eleven members from African States ;
 The task force required additional time and resources to work with the complex web of global partnerships while ensuring their geographical and thematic expansion . In conclusion , Mr. Marks acknowledged that the right to development was broader than Millennium Development Goal 8 , but the task assigned to the task force was to work with partnerships as defined in that objective. It would therefore   follow   the guidance of the Working Group in achieving a thematic balance within Goal 8 . He endorsed the widely shared view that , like other human rights , progress in realizing the right to development needed to be defined in a framework that focused on structure , process and outcome , hence the grouping of the criteria as they appear in annex II to the task force report .
 A question was raised whether that discrepancy was the intention of the Working Group . In order to address that discrepancy , it was suggested that the requirements of subparagraph -LRB- b -RRB- -LRB- i -RRB- and -LRB- ii -RRB- should be aligned with subparagraph -LRB- c -RRB-   following   the approach taken in paragraph 3 of article 16 of the Hamburg Rules . Despite some sympathy expressed for that proposal , the Working Group was reminded that draft article 43 had been the subject of intense negotiations during the second reading of the draft convention and that the draft article in the current form reflected the compromise reached .
 It was further observed that an additional reliance requirement to subparagraph -LRB- b -RRB- with regard to a negotiable transport document or a negotiable electronic transport record would result in a substantial change to that common understanding . The Working Group approved the substance of draft article 43 , subject to the deletion of the phrase that evidences receipt of the goods   following   the revision of the definitions of transport document and electronic transport record -LRB- see above , paras. 113 to 114 and 125 -RRB- , and referred it to the drafting group . Draft article 44. Freight prepaid
 It was pointed out that special rules for volume contracts and the extent to which they should be allowed to derogate from the draft convention had been under consideration by the Working Group for a number of years .  Following   the approach taken in previous maritime instruments , the draft convention had been originally conceived as a body of law incorporating essentially mandatory rules for all parties . Thus , the initial version of the draft convention had provided , in relevant part that any contractual stipulation that derogates from this instrument is null and void , if and to the extent that it is intended or has as its effect , directly or indirectly , to exclude , or limit -LSB- , or increase -RSB- the liability for breach of any obligation of the carrier , a performing party , the shipper , the controlling party , or the consignee -LRB- A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21 , article 17.1 -RRB- .
 Honduras adds its voice to the call for the necessary consultations to be held at the very highest level in order to achieve , as soon as possible , the appropriate strengthening of the aforementioned institutions . Following consultations with Member States , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon laid out at those meetings some steps to be   followed   . He has our full support in his initiatives .
 In addition , the provisions imply procedures that start with a public announcement - that is , those conducted under Chapters II and III of the Model Law . This provision was inserted   following   the instruction of the Working Group at its thirteenth session - see para . 129 of A/CN.9/648. However , the Working Group may wish to consider whether the provision can be easily implemented if such notices are centralized .
 According to the NSS 2004-05 , the number of persons currently attending educational institutions per 1 , 000 population of various social groups and age groups was much higher among the children and the youth belonging to the Others category -LRB- other than SC , ST and OBC -RRB- of households . However , among the urban male youths of age 20-24 years , the current attendance rate was highest among the STs -LRB- 32 per cent -RRB-   followed   by others -LRB- 28 per cent -RRB- . In rural India , the current attendance rate among the OBCs was higher than that among the STs and SCs .
 In the Mitrovice/Mitrovica an education project for girls in rural areas was started in 2003 and other projects were continued through 2004 and 2005 . According to UNICEF despite receiving over 11 per cent of government expenditures , there continue to be serious imbalances with regard to the allocation of funds within the health care system : The largest expenditures , 13.250m -LRB- 30 per cent -RRB- , is on the purchases of pharmaceuticals ,   followed   by expenditures on salaries ; 11 per cent are spent on capital outlays -LRB- infrastructure -RRB- . According to the same source , of the total , 26 per cent is provided as designated grants to the municipalities for primary health care expenses .
 The views of the representatives who spoke during the Committee 's consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records -LRB- A/C.6/63/SR.2-4 , 14 and 26 -RRB- . For its consideration of the item , the Committee had before it the   following   documents : -LRB- a -RRB- Report of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 ;
 Requests the Secretary-General to provide the International Law Seminar with adequate services , including interpretation , as required , and encourages him to continue considering ways to improve the structure and content of the Seminar ; Also requests the Secretary-General to forward to the International Law Commission , for its attention , the records of the debate on the report of the Commission at the sixty-third session of the General Assembly , together with such written statements as delegations may circulate in conjunction with their oral statements , and to prepare and distribute a topical summary of the debate ,   following   established practice ; Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States , as soon as possible after the conclusion of the session of the International Law Commission , chapter II of its report containing a summary of the work of that session , chapter III containing the specific issues on which the views of Governments would be of particular interest to the Commission and the draft articles adopted on either first or second reading by the Commission ;
 We also believe that the resolution to be adopted should seriously address a number of horizontal issues included on the Council 's agenda , namely , the protection of civilians , children in armed conflict and women , peace and security , all which are dramatically relevant in the case of Afghanistan . Our general discussions on these issues must be   followed   up when discussing country-specific mandates . I will conclude by reiterating Italy 's unwavering commitment to assist our Afghan friends , as long as requested , in their endeavour to enjoy peace , stability and development after decades of conflict .
 If the spilled quantities are small , in developed countries abatement measures are applied where the spill can be cleaned up by residents or workers following a set of relatively simple procedures . In the USA , for instance , many laboratories   follow   strict regulations on the use of mercury . There are well-documented procedures , especially in those accidents with broken glass and other cases when mercury is spilled .
 UNCTAD has also continued to develop the Measures Affecting Services Trade -LRB- MAST -RRB- database for undertaking cross-country , cross-sectoral analysis of legal measures applied to services . The   following   activities were carried out specifically for Africa in 2007 : -LRB- a -RRB- Technical assistance to African countries on negotiations related to the General Agreement on Trade in Services -LRB- GATS -RRB- , focusing on the request/offer negotiations under article XIX of GATS , and on rule-making negotiations , including domestic regulations ;
 Jordan expressed the hope that the action plan designed to combat discrimination and Islamophobia would prove successful . It further expressed satisfaction about efforts made with regard to asylum-seekers , migrants and trafficking in persons , and welcomed the 0.8 per cent of GDP allotted to combating poverty , an example that should be   followed   by other countries . Jordan recommended that the Netherlands take legal measures to deal with intolerance and initiate an awareness-raising campaign for the society at large to ensure a more generalized tolerance .
 Periodic reports by States parties should be presented in three parts , as follows : Part II. Information on new measures and new developments relating to the implementation of the Convention   Following   the order of articles 1 to 16 , as appropriate -LRB- a -RRB- This part should describe in detail :
 Similar legal problems also arose in the question of return of expropriated property . The solutions devised by the Federal Government in this context have however been confirmed by the ECHR also without exception as   following   human rights criteria . The harmonization of the overall economic situation is a long-term process , which is still far from being concluded .
 The team assistant would assist in the organization of workshops and seminars -LRB- 3 workshops per year -RRB- and make travel arrangements to various events for the experts and the staff -LRB- about 40 trips a year -RRB- , as well as for United Nations-sponsored participants -LRB- over 100 participants per year -RRB- . The team assistant would also provide support in the area of personnel management , such as   following   up on the selection of consultants , preparing and sending offers of consultancy , requesting and following up on medical clearances , liaising with the travel unit for the deployment of the consultants to New York , and preparing and following up on visa requests . These functions in support of the 1540 Committee , its experts and its staff are currently performed by the Executive Office of the Office for Disarmament Affairs .
 Scientific data , as well as the fourth assessment report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , have clearly demonstrated the importance of climate change and illustrated the responsibility to react in a timely and adequate manner to the challenge . As a comprehensive response , both developed and developing countries have to conduct appropriate activities in order to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions ,   following   the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities . Since regaining its independence , Montenegro has invested significant effort in the area of environmentally sound social and economic development .
 Something similar occurs in Colombia where any of the abuses which may be committed by United States military personnel and private contractors working under Plan Colombia can neither be investigated nor judged . Furthermore ,   following   an agreement between Colombia and the United States of America in 2003 , the Government of Colombia would not be able to submit to the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court United States armed forces personnel and private contractors working for transnational private security companies who have committed crimes against humanity . The Working Group has reported the alleged involvement in human rights abuses in the prison of Abu Ghraib in Iraq of employees of two PMSCs who have never been subject to external investigations nor legally sanctioned , despite assurances given by the Government of the United States of America .
 The statutory audit requirement in United Kingdom company law is a powerful tool in the enforcement process and minimizes the risk of material misstatement . Under company law , auditors must state in their report whether the financial statements show a true and fair view , and whether they   follow   the relevant financial reporting framework . Accounting policies in practice tend to be agreed with the auditors .
 Requests the Secretary-General to provide the International Law Seminar with adequate services , including interpretation , as required , and encourages him to continue considering ways to improve the structure and content of the Seminar ; Also requests the Secretary-General to forward to the International Law Commission , for its attention , the records of the debate on the report of the Commission at the sixty-third session of the General Assembly , together with such written statements as delegations may circulate in conjunction with their oral statements , and to prepare and distribute a topical summary of the debate ,   following   established practice ; Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States , as soon as possible after the conclusion of the session of the International Law Commission , chapter II of its report containing a summary of the work of that session , chapter III containing the specific issues on which the views of Governments would be of particular interest to the Commission and the draft articles adopted on either first or second reading by the Commission ;
 -LRB- c -RRB- Organization of work ; -LRB- d -RRB- Presentation of submissions and the procedure to be   followed   in respect thereto ; -LRB- e -RRB- Procedures for maintaining the confidentiality and inadmissibility of verbal or written statements made during the mediation process ;
 Perform other duties as may be required in response to the evolving needs of the Parties to the Convention , including liaison with selected donors .  Follow   the dynamics of foreign and domestic private investments , trade , subsidies and market development and identify emerging financial opportunities and other innovative opportunities for financing capacity-building projects that are emerging from , among other things , carbon finance , payment for ecosystem services and private philanthropy . Ensure coherence in the projects and proposals prepared for presentation to donors and identify linkages of projects that will directly support the Millennium Development Goals .
 In fact , in real terms , these increases in basic food commodity prices have far exceeded those of energy over the past six years . Among the causes of the crisis , we note first the drop in agricultural production in developing countries as a result of agricultural policies   followed   in accordance with the harsh doctrine of comparative advantages . Policies based on the doctrines of the World Trade Organization and the international financial institutions have paradoxically had a considerable impact on food crops and local agriculture , which have either been abandoned or focused on speculative crops .
  Freezing of Al-Qaida/Taliban -LRB- if available -RRB- properties and arresting their members that can be used to support and harbour these international terrorist organized groups  To   follow   and monitor all groups that are suspected to be connected to Al-Qaida/Taliban .  Arms embargo on Al-Qaida terrorist groups and hunting down trends and methods they use for arms trafficking , recruiting supporters/fighters and discovering their modus operandi
 The Director of the United Nations Information Centre is also accountable to the Department of Public Information at Headquarters for programme delivery and performs his or her functions on the basis of substantive and administrative guidance provided by the Department . The Director of Operations , within the established delegation of authority , is also accountable to the Under-Secretary-General for Management for ensuring that all regulations , rules and procedures of the Organization pertaining to administration and management matters are   followed   . He or she is also responsible for implementing the global policies and practices established by the Under-Secretary-General for General Assembly and Conference Management in the exercise of his or her global responsibility for conference services in New York , Geneva , Vienna and Nairobi .
 New technologies and production methods would be introduced , and trade relations would be affected . The European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- was leading the way and imposing standards on its industries , and others would have to   follow   suit . Buyers in Europe were coming under pressure from non-governmental organizations to take account of the carbon footprint of foreign suppliers .
 In a separate visit to the Numbi mining area in South Kivu , using similar methods of inquiry , the Group was able to identify a Goma gold trader buying from FDLR-controlled mines near Numbi . The Group also has received information on other FDLR gold-trafficking networks that lead to Butembo , Goma and Bukavu , and intends to   follow   up on these leads under its present mandate . In Walikale the Group chose to focus on the Bisie mine and on the mining networks from Walikale town and the road towards Bukavu .
 Many of their troops are CNDP deserters , indicating a widening rift between the Hutu and the Tutsi in North Kivu . The Group is   following   leads regarding military support provided to PARECO by FARDC during operations against CNDP . The Group has observed PARECO cohabitating with FARDC in Numbi , Kalehe territory , and has received reliable reports of similar cohabitation in Nyabiondo , Masisi territory .
 Illicit drug traffic and supply At its 6th and 7th meetings , on 12 and 13 March , the Commission considered agenda item 5 , which read as   follows   : Illicit drug traffic and supply :
 This pattern is illustrated in figures XI and XII , which show , respectively , the age distribution of female and male staff and the distribution of age groups in the Secretariat . The highest average age is for Under-Secretaries-General and Assistant Secretaries-General -LRB- 60 years -RRB- ,   followed   by the Director category -LRB- 54.6 years -RRB- . The average age of staff in the Professional category is 45.8 years , and at the P-2 grade , 37.3 years .
 The Council had before it a note by the Secretary-General -LRB- A/HRC/7/64 and Corr.1 -RRB- containing nominations of candidates for election , in accordance with decision 6/102 , and the biographical data of the candidates . The Council elected the following members by acclamation ,   following   precedent , given that there was a clean slate of candidates in the African , Asian and Latin American and Caribbean States : African States
 In the field of statistics , the existing social , environmental and economic databases and new indicators were integrated into CEPALSTAT , a new and more user-friendly database portal developed by ECLAC . Furthermore , the role of ECLAC as a key actor in the region to   follow   up on the Millennium Development Goals was consolidated through the elaboration of periodic reviews of the progress made in the Latin American and Caribbean region towards complying with a selected goal , namely , mainstreaming the gender perspective . To further assist policymakers in meeting the Millennium Development Goals , the Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia -LRB- ESCWA -RRB- tracked progress in the Arab region through the preparation in 2007 of a report and a booklet on the Goals in the Arab region focusing on youth , and built capacity in the area of Millennium Development Goal indicators .
 19.5 -LRB- a -RRB- Enhanced sharing of best practices and their promotion among member countries on issues dealt with by the subprogramme . ECE provided a forum for member States to discuss practices in the   following   five thematic areas : innovation and competitiveness policies ; financing innovative development ; intellectual property rights ; entrepreneurship and enterprise development ; and public-private partnerships . On this basis , best practices were drawn up , shared and disseminated among member States .
 In addition , Turkey has been providing duty- and quota-free market access for all industrial goods originating from all LDCs since January 2006 . Other emerging economies should consider   following   the lead of Turkey - a non-member country of the Development Assistance Committee of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development - and increase their development assistance to African LDCs . -LRB- f -RRB- African LDCs welcome the increasing South-South cooperation and note that there has been important progress in regional cooperation in Africa .
 Another matter of concern was the issue of property taxes levied on premises used by permanent missions and the related decision of the United States Supreme Court . The African Group was   following   closely the cases of India and Mongolia , which would be heard by the Court of Appeals in 2009 , because it considered that property tax exemption was not a matter for the courts , but rather a purely administrative issue that the host Government should resolve directly with the New York City authorities . Mr. Paswan -LRB- India -RRB- said that the open and transparent exchanges of views and spirit of cooperation obtaining within the Committee on Relations with the Host Country made it a useful forum for addressing issues relating to the functioning of Member States ' missions so that their representatives might perform their functions without hindrance .
 Procedures for use of negotiable electronic transport records . This article regulates the procedures that must be   followed   in order that an electronic transport record may be valid . However , the text spells out not the procedures but the qualities that those procedures must possess .
 The Security Council must fully realize its primary responsibility for the collective management of threats that transcend national boundaries and have implications for international security . All of us must strictly   follow   the Charter as a unique instrument of international relations . The reform of the United Nations and its Security Council will further improve the credibility of the United Nations system .
 Notification by the Secretary-General The Secretary-General of the United Nations shall notify all States referred to in article 26 , paragraph 1 of the Covenant of the   following   particulars : -LRB- a -RRB- Signatures , ratifications and accessions under the present Protocol ;
 A recent survey conducted by the National Institute of Statistics shows that , over the past two years , 12 per cent of women aged 15 to 49 have obtained investment credit . Analysis by area indicates that the proportion of women receiving credit is highest in Sud-Ouest province , where it stands at 19 per cent ,   followed   by Ouest province -LRB- 16 per cent -RRB- , Littoral province -LRB- 14 per cent -RRB- , Est province -LRB- 14 per cent -RRB- and the city of Douala -LRB- 14 per cent -RRB- . The lowest proportions are in Nord province -LRB- 4 per cent -RRB- , Extrme-Nord province -LRB- 7 per cent -RRB- , Adamaoua province -LRB- 9 per cent -RRB- and Sud province -LRB- 9 per cent -RRB- .
 This means that Overseas Territories ' students are treated equally as students from the United Kingdom . In addition , the United Kingdom offered four Chevening scholarships -LRB- covering social work and social science , business information technology and education -RRB- to Overseas Territories students in 2007/08 as   follows   : United States of America
 Human Rights Strengthening helped to strengthen the participation of indigenous peoples through capacity development of their representatives in the existing development councils under the framework of the Programa Alianza con la Sociedad Civil -LRB- PASOC -RRB- project -LRB- see , additionally , paras . In Bolivia , the United Nations system established an Inter-Agency Working Group on Intercultural Issues -LRB-   following   the example of Ecuador -RRB- and an Indigenous Peoples ' Advisory Council to the United Nations country team . The advisory council , created in December 2006 , has facilitated the organization of meetings and consultations between indigenous peoples ' representatives and delegates of United Nations organizations , including the Special Rapporteur of the Human Rights Council on the situation of human rights and fundamental freedoms of indigenous people and the Special Rapporteur of the Council on the right to food .
 Possible future work in the area of electronic commerce The Commission may wish to recall that , at its fortieth session , it requested the Secretariat to continue to   follow   closely legal developments in the areas of electronic commerce , with a view to making appropriate suggestions in due course . At its forty-first session , the Commission will have before it a note by the Secretariat addressing legal issues of single windows -LRB- A/CN.9/655 -RRB- .
 Implementation of the international drug control treaties At its 1286th , 1287th and 1291st meetings , on 10 and 12 March , the Commission considered agenda item 6 , which read as   follows   : Implementation of the international drug control treaties :
 Recommends that a limited number of regional focal centres , with the responsibility to facilitate coordinated activities in the regions covering both chemicals and waste management , be selected from among the existing regional centres of the Basel and Stockholm Conventions . These focal centres will be designated   following   regional agreement and in accordance with the relevant procedural provisions of the respective conventions. These focal centres should : -LRB- a -RRB- Ensure that the regional centres deliver their work in accordance with defined priorities and serve as an entry point for countries needing assistance or guidance on which centre in a region could provide assistance for a specific purpose ;
 On 6 November 2007 , the Special Rapporteur was invited to Washington by the United States Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe - which helps to formulate United States policy on the Helsinki Agreements , inter alia within OSCE - in order to give a presentation of measures to counter crimes motivated by racial and religious hatred in the OSCE region . He spoke about the increasing racist and xenophobic violence , the growing activism of political parties with platforms which encourage racism and discrimination , the strategy   followed   by these parties and groups of gaining a foothold in government coalitions and even in the European Parliament , their rejection of multiculturalism , their bias against certain ethnic groups of immigrants and their attempts to depict them as criminals . He found that in the countries he had visited the basic ideology underpinning these renewed attempts to stir up racial and religious hatred centred on the defence of national identity and security .
 At its 12th meeting , on 30 June , the Council held a high-level policy dialogue on current developments in the world economy with the representatives of international financial and trade institutions . At the same meeting , the Council heard opening remarks by the Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs and statements by the   following   panellists : Supachai Panitchpakdi , Secretary-General , United Nations Conference on Trade and Development ; Murilo Portugal , Deputy Managing Director , International Monetary Fund ; Justin Lin , Chief Economist , World Bank ; and Valentine Rugwabiza , Deputy Director-General , World Trade Organization -LRB- see E/2008/SR.12 -RRB- . Also at the same meeting , statements were made by the Chairman of the Committee for Development Policy and the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme .
 The Moderator made an opening statement . Presentations were made by the   following   panellists : Liu Guijin , Ambassador and Special Envoy on African Affairs of China ; Karen Zelaya , Minister of International Cooperation of Honduras ; and Masato Watanabe , Deputy Director-General , International Cooperation Bureau , Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan . The panellists engaged in a dialogue with the representatives of Indonesia , the Republic of Korea , Malaysia , China , the Russian Federation , Saint Lucia and Japan , and the observers for Italy , Colombia , Guinea , India , the United Republic of Tanzania and Namibia .
 Ms. Shin congratulated the delegation on the Government 's investment in women 's human rights during a global financial crisis and for its support for the work of the human rights treaty bodies . She asked what procedure Canada would   follow   in implementing and following up on the concluding observations that the Committee would issue at the current session . Noting that advocacy , research and lobbying were crucial to combating violence against women and addressing other fundamental issues , she asked what the rationale for not funding relevant NGO activities and providing only direct assistance was and whether the Government considered that the advocacy and research carried out by NGOs were not of high quality .
 In addition , the table provides the mandates of individual missions and expiry dates and information on those operations that have been subsumed under other missions/operations or have been liquidated or whose mandates have been completed during 2008 . A substantial portion of the resources sought in the present report relates to UNAMA , which accounts for the largest share of resources requested -LRB- 36 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by UNAMI -LRB- 34.7 per cent -RRB- . Thematic cluster I , special and personal envoys , special advisers and personal representatives of the Secretary-General and Office of the Special Coordinator for Lebanon ; thematic cluster II , sanctions monitoring teams , groups and panels ; and thematic cluster III , United Nations offices , peacebuilding support offices , integrated offices and commissions , account for 3.5 , 4.6 , and 21.2 per cent , respectively -LRB- see figure below -RRB- .
 2.2 The complainant left Naria and went to Dhaka where he stayed with his maternal uncle . After a few days , members of the Awami League saw him and   followed   him to his uncle 's home . On the same night , he saw the police enter through the gate of his uncle 's home , and he jumped out of a window and took a train to Sylhet , where his sister lives .
 5.3 Regarding the so-called demonstrable absence of risks in the event of his return to Tunisia , the complainant stresses that he frequently has to call his counsel from a public telephone booth . Although he was not arrested upon or after his arrival in Tunisia , he is under constant surveillance -LRB- wiretapping and being   followed   -RRB- . His personal belongings are still being withheld .
 The first regular session 2008 of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA was held at United Nations Headquarters , New York , from 21 to 28 January 2008 . The Executive Board elected the   following   members of the Bureau for 2008 : President H.E. Mr.Jean-Marie Ehouzou -LRB- Benin -RRB-
 -LRB- b -RRB- Establish or improve the national system for monitoring , control and surveillance in the respective area of maritime jurisdiction to ensure compliance with the relevant national and international regulatory frameworks in general and in particular to combat illegal , unreported and unregulated fishing ; -LRB- c -RRB- Adopt fair , transparent and non-discriminatory measures that will serve to deter illegal , unreported and unregulated fishing at the national , regional and international levels ,   following   the framework of the FAO Model Scheme on port State measures ; -LRB- d -RRB- Adopt port States measures with respect to vessels involved in illegal , unreported and unregulated fishing and to address the use of flags of convenience in fishing operations  it is recalled that FAO is developing a draft agreement on port State measures to prevent , deter and eliminate illegal , unreported and unregulated fishing ;
 For that reason , bearing also in mind that Mr. Humayun is in custody since March 2006 , a period of time , which can not be held at this stage unreasonably long , it would be premature to take a stand concerning the alleged unfairness of the proceedings conducted against him . Assessing all the information before it the Working Group delivers the   following   opinion . The deprivation of liberty of Syed Asad Humayun is not arbitrary .
 However , the administrative authority did not comply with these judicial decisions and issued new administrative detention orders using the powers conferred on them by the state of emergency . The source alleges that in spite of the fact that Egypt is a State party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , it has never   followed   fully their provisions by reason of the state of emergency governed by article 4 of the Covenant . According to the source , these persons are being kept in detention without charges or trial exclusively under administrative detention powers .
 Problems in the current mechanism of aid delivery are manifold . All too often donors   follow   their own agenda , failing to link their projects to the national priorities set by the partner countries . In many partner countries coordination is difficult as too many donors operate independently , financing large numbers of individual short-term projects .
 In 2007 , men worked mainly in manual and similar trades -LRB- 23 % -RRB- , teaching or similar professions -LRB- 23 % -RRB- and technical occupations -LRB- 17 % -RRB- . Women worked mainly in technical and related occupations -LRB- 26 % -RRB- ,   followed   by sales and services -LRB- 20 % -RRB- , commerce -LRB- 18 % -RRB- and service and sales jobs -LRB- 20 % -RRB- . If one looks at economic activities -LRB- according to the NOGA classification -RRB- , men work primarily in processing industries -LRB- 22 % -RRB- , real estate and renting , information technology , research-and-development -LRB- 14 % -RRB- , in commerce and repairs -LRB- 12 % -RRB- and in construction -LRB- 11 % -RRB- .
 Housewives -LRB- 23 % -RRB- and a very few stay-at-home men , as well as people undergoing training or further training -LRB- 12 % of women and 18 % of men -RRB- are a minority among people with no professional activity . The overwhelming majority of women with no professional activity between ages 15 and 64 are housewives ,   followed   by persons undergoing training or further training and retirees . Men with no professional activity in the same age bracket are mainly persons undergoing training or further training or retirees .
 While men prefer to provide voluntary or honorific services to associations or organizations , women are proportionately more numerous in providing free assistance to relatives or acquaintances -LRB- 26 % of women , compared to 15 % of men -RRB- . Among women , this kind of assistance relates primarily to child-care for acquaintances or relatives ,   followed   by services to relatives or acquaintances , such as domestic work , transport or gardening . Child care
 A majority of companies -LRB- especially small and medium-sized companies -RRB- have not taken steps to promote equality in fact ; this stands in contradiction with the view expressed by most of them that an active equality policy would constitute a competitive advantage . According to workers ' organizations , disputes in the companies pertain mainly to wage discrimination ,   followed   by sexual harassment , discrimination in promotion and discrimination in assignment of tasks . Within companies , disputes are generally approached through talks , but generally nothing is done or the persons concerned resign .
 Men are significantly more often the victims of accidents than women of the same age group  except those aged over 75  and for that reason they bear larger hospital costs due to accidents . Among women , the main causes of accidents are sports activities and housework and gardening activities , and among men sports activities   followed   by on-the-job accidents . Among elderly persons , accidents caused by falls are a special problem : they generally lead to costly treatments and later markedly impair the quality of life of the persons affected .
 58 % of men and 55 % of women reported using a means of contraception in 2002 . The means used most often is the hormonal contraceptive ,   followed   by the condom . In 2006 , there were 10 , 499 -LRB- legal -RRB- abortions in Switzerland .
 The United Nations Inter-Agency Round Table assures cross-fertilization of ideas and opinion on communication for development with the United Nations Communications Group , thus emphasizing distinctions and complementarities that exist between communication for development programmes and programmes designed to heighten visibility . Recognizing the Round Table as a formal United Nations inter-agency working group will allow the biennial Round Table to   follow   up not only on Round Table recommendations but also on progress in the integration of communication for development practice into relevant planning and programme delivery mechanisms in the United Nations and in systematic data collection and articulation of cross-cutting priorities such as gender . Communication is more than a tool for generating and disseminating content and should be used to facilitate relevant social change processes .
 -LRB- p -RRB- End-of-service accrued benefits liabilities  Following   the memorandum from the Controller of the United Nations , 6 and in preparation for the adoption of the International Public Sector Accounting Standards -LRB- IPSAS -RRB- by 1 January 2010 , UNHCR has recognized for the first time as at 31 December 2007 , the end-of-service accrued benefits liabilities related to after-service health insurance , accrued annual leave , and repatriation entitlements . These liabilities have been recorded through an adjustment to prior-years ' expenditure and are shown under the Staff Benefits Fund .
 Recommends that a limited number of regional focal centres , with the responsibility to facilitate coordinated activities in the regions covering both chemicals and waste management , be selected from among the existing regional centres of the Basel and Stockholm conventions . These focal centres will be designated   following   regional agreement and in accordance with the relevant procedural provisions of the respective conventions. These focal centres should : -LRB- a -RRB- Ensure that the regional centres deliver their work in accordance with defined priorities and serve as an entry point for countries needing assistance or guidance on which centre in a region could provide assistance for a specific purpose ;
 Group of Eastern European States The   following   15 States parties from the Group of Eastern European States reported on their implementation of the Convention : Armenia , Azerbaijan , Belarus , Bulgaria , Croatia , Hungary , Latvia , Lithuania , Montenegro , Poland , Romania , Russian Federation , Serbia , Slovakia and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia . The Czech Republic reported as a State signatory .
 Although recruitment difficulties for employers in the global market are increasing , a high proportion of organizations of the United Nations system participating in the survey reported that they did not experience general recruitment difficulties in terms of filling vacancies . Where such difficulties were experienced , the key reasons were given as , firstly , a lack of necessary specialized skills ,   followed   by the higher pay expectations of and the insufficient work experience available in the applicant pool . Those difficulties appeared to be specific to certain occupational groups , especially technical and highly specialized staff .
 Additional lobbying meetings with representatives from governments , the International Labour Organization and with the World Health Organization were organised . Recommendations of the Committee were later   followed   up by the partner organizations in Zambia . 2007 : a representative of the organisation attended the 5th session of the United Nation Human Rights Council , 11-18 June .
 However , the Commission was not in favour of requesting the Secretariat to undertake similar work in other areas with a view to preparing a comprehensive reference document . The Commission agreed to request the Secretariat to continue to   follow   closely legal developments in the relevant areas , with a view to making appropriate suggestions in due course . In view of the valuable work that had already been done , the Commission requested the Secretariat to publish the sample chapter as a stand-alone publication .
 It should be noted that more than 30 friendly countries  members and non-members of the Paris Club alike  have cancelled Iraq debts totalling $ 23 billion . We hope that our Arab brothers will take the initiative to cancel Iraq 's debts to them ,   following   the example set by Iraq 's other friends . The Prime Minister also called upon brotherly Arab countries to reinstate their diplomatic relations with Iraq , given that there are more than 45 diplomatic missions , consulates and international organizations operating in Iraq .
 Regarding euthanasia , she indicated that the United Nations has recommended a regular evaluation of the Act . Such an evaluation process already exists and we have   followed   it . The 2007 report can be made available for all ; it basically shows that the Netherlands meets the three key aims of the act namely to ensure social control , guarantee quality medical decisions at the end of life , and provide certainties for medical personnel .
 Jordan expressed the hope that the action plan designed to combat discrimination and Islamophobia would prove successful . It further expressed satisfaction about efforts made with regard to asylum-seekers , migrants and trafficking in persons , and welcomed the 0.8 per cent of GDP allotted to combating poverty , an example that should be   followed   by other countries . Jordan recommended that the Netherlands take legal measures to deal with intolerance and initiate an awareness-raising campaign for the society at large to ensure a more generalized tolerance .
 -LRB- Percentage -RRB- The key area in which the most progress was made was in the capacity to collect and analyse information ,   followed   by policy and strategic responses , measures to improve awareness and reduce demand and measures to improve technical capacity to detect and monitor the problem of amphetamine-type stimulants . At the subregional level , implementation of the Action Plan over the 10-year period was highest in Oceania , North America , East and South-East Asia and Central and Western Europe .
 Recommendations on posts The Secretary-General proposes the establishment of the   following   14 new posts :  One Chief of Integrated Office -LRB- D-1 -RRB- and one Information/Reporting Officer -LRB- P-3 -RRB- in the Office of the Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General -LRB- A/62/720 , para. 9 -RRB- ;
 While the Commission was not in favour of requesting the Secretariat to undertake a similar work in other areas with a view to preparing a comprehensive reference document , the Commission agreed to request the Secretariat to continue to follow closely legal developments in the relevant areas , with a view to making appropriate suggestions in due course . The Secretariat has continued to   follow   technological developments and new business models in the area of electronic commerce that may impact international trade . One area that the Secretariat has examined closely concerns legal issues arising out of the use of single windows in international trade .
 In addition , UNOPS intends to reach agreement with UNDP to settle fund balances in cash on a regular basis , not less frequently than every quarter . In paragraph 138 , the Board of Auditors recommended that UNOPS -LRB- a -RRB- confirm interfund balances payable to or due from other United Nations organizations as part of the preparation of its financial statements and perform reconciliations of differences ; and -LRB- b -RRB-   follow   up on the differences in the interfund balances with other United Nations organizations . UNOPS is developing quarterly closing procedures , and the confirmation and settlement of fund balances will be part of such procedures .
 Under the baseline scenario -LRB- high growth and no change in policy -RRB- , fossil fuels are expected to continue dominating the global energy system , representing almost 90 per cent of the total energy supply in 2030 . Of the total energy demand of 8.9 billion tons of oil equivalent in the region , coal is predicted to remain the main source of energy -LRB- 35 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by oil -LRB- 28 per cent -RRB- and natural gas -LRB- 25 per cent -RRB- , while nuclear and renewable sources of energy would account for slightly more than 10 per cent of the region 's energy supply . In order to address the environmental challenges , including climate change , associated with the energy sector , strong policy action is necessary .
 Immunities or special procedural rules which may attach to the official capacity of a person , whether under national or international law , shall not bar the Court from exercising its jurisdiction over such a person . This provision   follows   in the wake of Article 7 of the 1945 London Charter , which reads : The official position of defendants , whether as Heads of State or responsible officials in Government Departments , shall not be considered as freeing them from responsibility or mitigating punishment .
 We condemn the imposition of unilateral coercive measures in violation of international law and attempts to implant a single model for a political , economic and social system . We object to the negative practice of certifying countries that   follows   the patterns and interests of the powerful . We strongly oppose political manipulation and the application of double standards in the matter of human rights , and we reject the selective imposition of politically motivated resolutions against the member countries of the Non-Aligned Movement .
 Information provided by the administering Power for 2007 put the number of employees in Gibraltar at 18 , 485 , constituting an increase of 9.5 per cent over the preceding year . The number of people employed by the five largest sectors was as   follows    banking and finance , 3 , 666 ; public administration and defence , 2 , 886 ; wholesale and retail trade , 2 , 088 ; building and construction , 3 , 106 ; and medical and health services , 1 , 722 . The unemployment rate was an estimated 3.5 per cent.2
 At the conclusion of the evaluation visits , the consultants will lead the preparation of a comprehensive evaluation report , including the identification of recommended remedial actions to be taken by DPKO , DFS and field missions . The provision of $ 568 , 700 is required for subject-matter experts and specialist trainers to develop training products on substantive areas of peacekeeping operations and conduct pilot training courses   following   the newly developed training curricula . These training products will support such areas as the integrated mission planning process , Integrated Operational Teams , the leadership and management development programme , United Nations police training , peacekeeping best practices and various technical areas in DPKO and DFS .
 Population distribution by regions , though , has remained unchanged for the last 25 years . Thus , the Southeast concentrated about 42 % of the total population -LRB- 77.5 million -RRB- ,   followed   by the Northeast -LRB- 28 % -RRB- , the South -LRB- 15 % -RRB- the North -LRB- 8 % -RRB- and the Center-West -LRB- 7 % -RRB- . This deceleration in the pace of growth is owed in large measure to the drop in the fertility rate between 1970 and 2002 , from 5.8 to 2.15 children per woman in child-bearing age .
 As of this decree 's publication , the provisions of human rights treaties can be invoked before the courts and administrative bodies . As regards the normative status of human rights treaties , Constitutional Amendment No. 45 appeased a doctrinal and jurisprudential divergence by ascribing constitutional force to such norms after they have been approved on two voting rounds in each Congressional Chamber by 3/5 of Congress members , the same procedure   followed   for approving constitutional amendments . With respect to economic , social , and cultural rights , Art. 6 of the Brazilian Constitution guarantees the right to education , health , work , housing , leisure , security , social welfare , as well as to the protection of motherhood and the child , and assistance to the destitute .
 The foreign contingent on Brazilian territory includes 2 , 978 political refugees from 50 countries . The largest number come from Angola , 1 , 692 ,   followed   by Liberia , 258 ; Democratic Republic of Congo , 186 ; Sierra Leone , 161 ; Cuba , 90 ; Colombia , 83 ; Iraq , 72 ; Serbia , 48 ; and Peru , 40 . Abiding by the directives of the I National Human Rights Program , the mechanisms for the implementation of the Refugees Law were set forth through the adoption of Law no. 9474 .
 Age-based retirements in the rural environment predominate : out of 6.7 age-based retirements paid in December 2005 , 4.6 million were rural retirements . With the consolidation of the inclusion of rural social security , the increase in the number of age-based retirements has basically   followed   demographic dynamics . Between 2000 and 2005 , the number of benefits granted rose by 10.5 % .
 The main causes of death since the late 1970s have been diseases of the circulatory apparatus , particularly cerebral vascular accidents , the major killer disease in Brazil . Neoplasias were the second cause of death in 2002 ,   followed   by so-called external causes . The most common form of neoplasia in women is breast cancer , followed by tracheal , bronchial , lung , and cervical cancer ; among men , the first causes were tracheal , bronchial , and lung cancer , followed by prostate and stomach cancer .
 The importance of Security Council reform can not be overemphasized , and I believe there is a broad consensus that , during the sixty-third session of the General Assembly , we should start negotiations on the various options and proposals on the table .  Following   your suggestion , Mr. President , I will focus in this debate on the particular aspect of the Security Council reform that concerns the involvement of States and other parties not members of the Security Council in the Council 's work . That is merely one aspect , but an important one nonetheless .
 Disbursement procedures can add nine months , financial management and procurement procedures another year , and substantive reports and reviews may also take a year . Cumbersome programme country procedures have the same effects , delaying compliance with donor conditions or project execution if aid is disbursed   following   country procedures . Overall , disbursement delays undermine the execution of key projects , waste resources which could be dedicated to programme/project objectives and lead to a false perception that programme countries are experiencing problems in absorbing aid .
 The Ministers of the States Parties to the CWC , while paying due respect to the chemical weapons victims and their families , declare their firm conviction that international support to provide special care and assistance to all victims suffering the effects of exposure to chemical weapons is an urgent humanitarian need and that the States Parties to the Convention as well as the OPCW should pay urgent attention to meeting these needs including through the possible establishment of an international support network . The Ministers regretted unsubstantiated allegations of non-compliance with relevant instruments on weapons of mass destruction and called on States Parties to such instruments that make such allegations to   follow   procedures set out in those instruments and to provide necessary substantiation for their allegations . They called upon all States parties to the respective international instruments to implement fully and in a transparent manner all their obligations under these instruments .
 They called upon all States and international Organisations to provide all forms of support and assistance to meet Iraq 's needs and to facilitate contributions and efforts to reactivate its organisational bodies , economic institutions and infrastructure . Thus , they welcomed the commitment of the Paris Club to substantially reduce Iraq 's sovereign debts and urged the other creditors to   follow   suit . The Ministers called upon all States to cooperate and coordinate their efforts in combating the illegal trade and trafficking of Iraqi antiques , and in returning the recovered artworks to Iraqi museums .
 The main contributing factor was underexpenditure in communication costs of 0.6 million , which was driven by lower communication service charges . This is   followed   by underexpenditure in operating costs of 0.3 million and staff cost savings in the amount of 0.3 million . Major Programme H -LRB- Buildings Management -RRB- had generated savings amounting to some 3.3 million under staff costs due to high vacancy rates during the biennium .
 In the case of non-managerial Secretariat staff , 43 per cent spent no days during the last year , 24 per cent spent 1 to 3 days , 13 per cent spent 4 to 5 days , 8 per cent spent 6 to 10 days , 10 per cent spent 11 to 15 days and 2 per cent spent more than 20 days in OHRM training . Both managers and staff cited lack of time and workload demands as the main reasons for the low level of participation ,   followed   by insufficient knowledge of and lack of interest in the training courses offered . International and local staff at peacekeeping missions who participated in OIOS focus groups reported that learning programme opportunities at missions were insufficient .
 She asked whether an analysis of complaints brought before the Authority on issues other than gender discrimination was available . She wished to know whether the Government had   followed   any of the 151 recommendations made by the Authority and about the procedure for lodging complaints through an NGO . She requested clarification of the national mechanism for implementation of the Convention and for coordination between the numerous actors involved and asked whether it might be possible to establish a national body for overall coordination , monitoring and evaluation , including the development of indicators to ensure progress , under the authority of a full minister .
 One of the guidelines provides that a person who has been arrested or detained and is being held in custody in a police station or interrogation centre or other lock-up , shall be entitled to have one friend or relative or other persons known to him or having interest in his welfare being informed , as soon as practicable , that he has been arrested and is being detained at the particular place , unless the attesting witness of the memo of arrest is himself such a friend or a relative of the arrestee . These guidelines of the Supreme Court which have to be mandatorily   followed   have been circulated to all State Governments for compliance by Ministry of Home Affairs , Government of India . The recent amendment in Section 176 of the Criminal Procedure Code to provide that in the case of death or disappearance of a person or rape of a woman while in the custody of the police , there shall be a mandatory judicial inquiry and in case of death , examination of the dead body shall be conducted within twenty four hours of death and this will go a long way to ameliorate the situation in the cases of custodial justice .
 A similar project at the primary level would begin in December : 70 per cent of the pupils would be foreign and 10 per cent would have disabilities . Those projects would be   followed   up by research . A new law on basic education was in preparation that would include the principle of respect for the equality of boys and girls at all levels of education , as part of the National Plan of Action for Gender Equality .
 The LINEAR survey observes with two , co-located , 1-metre aperture telescopes using fast readout charge-coupled device imaging devices . -LRB- c -RRB- The Spacewatch system operates a 0.9-metre aperture telescope for discovering NEOs and a second 1.8-metre aperture telescope that is primarily used to   follow   up discoveries made by their 0.9-metre telescope or by other observatories ; both telescopes are located at the Steward Observatory near Tucson , Arizona , United States . Spacewatch has one of the most successful programmes for making such follow-up observations , a function that is critically important for securing the orbits of NEOs ;
 To fully address issues raised over the implementation of the Resource Allocation Framework ; To provide information on a regular basis on the composition and objective of the co-financing for projects funded by the Global Environment Facility ; To continue to enhance action on mitigation and , as appropriate , adaptation , in developing country Parties , including to promote , facilitate and finance , as appropriate , transfer of , or access to , environmentally sound technologies and know-how ; Invites the Global Environmental Facility to inform its implementing agencies of the guidelines for the preparation of national communications from non-Annex I Parties and of relevant provisions of the Convention , in particular its Article 4 , paragraph 3 , on the provision of new and additional financial resources to meet the agreed full costs incurred by developing country Parties in complying with their obligations under Article 12 , paragraph 1 , of the Convention ; Reiterates the   following   requests made by the Conference of the Parties at its thirteenth session to the Global Environment Facility : 1 FCCC/CP/2008/2/Rev.1 .
 To call upon the international community also to honour its commitment to uphold and salvage the Darfur Peace Agreement and bring pressure to bear upon all the armed rebel groups to renew the peace process as soon as possible , and to desist from any action that might threaten the unity , security , stability and territorial integrity of the Sudan ; To request the Secretary-General to   follow   up the issue and to keep the Council of the League in session and ready to follow up developments in the situation . Resolution 6916 , extraordinary session of 11 May 2008
 Purchasers similarly exercise due diligence by refusing to purchase mineral output known or suspected to have been taxed by illegal armed groups en route to comptoirs . Failure to   follow   these steps constitutes a lack of due diligence , and in the Group 's view puts purchasers in violation of the arms embargo for provision of assistance to armed groups . Monitoring of targeted sanctions against listed individuals and entities
 The ISO Secretary-General will attend . 17 During the past years , ISO has   followed   closely the work of , and interacted with , the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development -LRB- CSD -RRB- , the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change -LRB- UNFCCC -RRB- , and the UN Global Programme on Disability . National Safety Council
 The Special Representative of the Secretary-General is therefore expected to bring new momentum and leadership to the Board and to further strengthen its ability to provide strategic oversight and coordinate strategic priorities , including through the creation of three standing committees that will cover three pillars of the Afghanistan Compact and the Afghanistan National Development Strategy : -LRB- a -RRB- governance , rule of law , and human rights ; -LRB- b -RRB- security ; and -LRB- c -RRB- social and economic development . These standing committees will   follow   up decisions of the Board and coordinate policy to enhance the delivery of the Strategy . The Analysis and Planning Unit will be required to support the work of each committee .
 This requires the Board to make observations with respect to the efficiency of the financial procedures , the accounting system , the internal financial controls and , in general , the administration and management of UNITAR operations . The General Assembly had also requested the Board to   follow   up on previous recommendations and to report to it accordingly . Those matters are addressed in the succeeding paragraphs .
 Geographical representation The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions requested the Board to   follow   up implementation by UNITAR in respect of the issue of geographical representation within the Institute -LRB- A/60/7/Add.4 , para . Table II.3 presents the geographical distribution of staff for the bienniums 2004-2005 and 2006-2007 .
 The draft report was also submitted to civil society so that it could take a position on its content and convey its views to the federal authorities -LRB- see annex , p. 20 -RRB- . This report   follows   the general guidelines for the preparation of information under the universal periodic review adopted by the Human Rights Council . Chapter 1 corresponds to point A of the guidelines -LRB- methodology -RRB- ; chapter 2 corresponds to point B -LRB- background of the country and normative framework -RRB- ; chapter 3 combines points C , D and E -LRB- promotion and protection on the ground ; assessment of achievements and challenges ; priorities to be met in order to overcome those challenges -RRB- .
 Life expectancy at birth has increased steadily and now stands at 78.7 for men and 83.9 for women . The most common causes of death are heart disease ,   followed   by cancer and respiratory diseases . Education -LRB- Universal Declaration of Human Rights , art .
 Whereas in 1972 the oil import bill in developing countries -LRB- excluding OPEC -RRB- represented 0.8 per cent of their GDP , in 2004-2005 it exceeded 3.5 per cent , roughly twice the ratio in the main OECD countries . The ratio of oil imports to GDP remains the highest in Asia ,   followed   by sub-Saharan African countries -LRB- excluding Nigeria and South Africa -RRB- , despite a much lower level of industrialization . As noted in section II above , some low-income oil-importing developing countries have been particularly hard hit -LRB- see table 3 -RRB- .
 Cases of prolonged detention in which the detainees were neither informed of the reasons for their arrest nor brought promptly before a judicial authority were also documented . UNMIS continued to monitor and   follow   up on reports of threats to civilian security . In Southern Sudan , there were continued abuses by SPLA and Joint Integrated Unit troops in Western Equatoria State , including harassment and intimidation .
 An overview of the infrastructure and camp improvement programme is also provided .  Following   established practice , a draft version of the report was shared with members of the UNRWA Advisory Commission , which comprises representatives of 21 Member States and three observer delegations , including those of Palestine and the European Commission . The Advisory Commission discussed and endorsed the contents of the report during its session held in Damascus on 10 and 11 June 2008 .
 The Belgian legislature in the end made a political judgement , taking into account the absence of scientific consensus on the effects of depleted uranium while also applying the precautionary principle that calls for a cautious approach in the absence of full scientific certainty . Belgium will closely   follow   all developments in the scientific analysis of the risks associated with the use of depleted uranium weapons systems and is ready to provide the United Nations with any necessary clarification of the definitions , aims and modalities of the Belgian Act of 11 May 2007 . Bosnia and Herzegovina
 Pacific island least developed countries face major development problems owing to their geographical isolation . In   following   up the request of the Pacific Leaders at the sixty-second session of the Commission , held in Jakarta in April 2006 , the secretariat conducted a study on enhancing Pacific connectivity , which study focused on telecommunications connectivity infrastructure and services , including options for enhancing the technical , commercial , institutional and financial aspects of such connecitivity . The study indicated that , although technically challenging and costly , enhancing Pacific connectivity was feasible .
 Requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary measures with a view to expeditiously operationalizing the mechanisms ; Decides to   follow   up on the matter under the same agenda item at its seventh session . 21st meeting 28 September 2007 -LSB- Adopted without a vote .
 Calendar of conferences and meetings of the United Nations and of the principal organs of the specialized agencies , the International Atomic Energy Agency and treaty bodies established under the auspices of the United Nations for 2008 and 2009 The   following   abbreviations are used in the present annex : In the column headed Organ
 The Committee had before it for its consideration the proposed strategic framework for the programme on the peaceful uses of outer space for the period 2010-2011 -LRB- A/63/6 -LRB- Prog . The Committee agreed on the proposed strategic framework and recommended that the following paragraphs be amended to read as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- Indicators of achievement -LRB- 5.4 -LRB- d -RRB- -LRB- i -RRB- -RRB- . Increased number of countries requesting assistance in defining disaster management plans and policies with regard to the use of space-based technologies ;
 Safeguards for prisoners -LRB- 12 -RRB- Notwithstanding the many fundamental legislative changes made by the State party regarding detention conditions , safeguards of detainees and related matters , the Committee is concerned at credible reports that law enforcement personnel secure and   follow   detailed internal regulations and procedures that are restricted for official use only and not made public or available to detainees or their lawyers . These rules leave many issues to the discretion of the officials .
 The Committee reiterates its previous recommendations and the recommendations of the Special Rapporteur on torture on the report on his visit to Indonesia , that the State party should , without delay , include a definition of torture in its current penal legislation in full conformity with article 1 of the Convention . Two approaches merit consideration : -LRB- a -RRB- the prompt adoption of the draft comprehensive Penal Code ; and -LRB- b -RRB- the adoption of a stand-alone specific bill on torture ,   following   the State party 's example of adopting other individual laws in the field of human rights , such as those welcomed in paragraph 5 above . The State party should also ensure that all acts of torture are punishable by appropriate penalties which take into account their grave nature , as set out in paragraph 2 , article 4 , of the Convention .
 Despite this diligence , the absence of the complainant from his home , observed on numerous occasions , had seriously hampered the collection of reliable information . 6.2 Regarding the absence of information on the status of the case , the State party explains that the Code of Criminal Procedure calls for no special procedures to notify or inform the complainant when a complaint is filed , and that it is customary and logical for the complainant himself to   follow   the case . As for the argument that the complainant may be held criminally and civilly liable in the event that proceedings are dismissed in an application for civil indemnities , the State party explains that such a risk exists only if slanderous accusations have been made .
 -LRB- g -RRB- Providing substantive , secretariat , organizational and administrative support to review conferences and other meetings of States parties to multilateral arms control , disarmament and non-proliferation agreements and to treaty-making conferences , expert groups and other disarmament meetings under the responsibility of the Branch ; -LRB- h -RRB-   Following   up the decisions of review conferences and other meetings of States parties to multilateral disarmament and arms control agreements , as well as of treaty-making conferences , expert groups and other disarmament meetings under the responsibility of the Branch ; -LRB- i -RRB- Managing and implementing the United Nations Disarmament Fellowship Programme ;
 Introduction -LRB- 2 -RRB- The Committee welcomes the report of Benin , which   follows   the Committee 's general guidelines for the preparation of reports , and expresses its appreciation for the opportunity thus afforded to resume its dialogue with the State party . The Committee regrets , however , that the report was submitted with an eight-year delay and that the State party did not make the necessary efforts to implement all the recommendations made by the Committee during the consideration of the initial report of Benin , in 2001 -LRB- A/57/44 , paras. 30 to 35 -RRB- .
 The Committee reiterates its previous recommendations and the recommendations of the Special Rapporteur on torture on the report on his visit to Indonesia , that the State party should , without delay , include a definition of torture in its current penal legislation in full conformity with article 1 of the Convention . Two approaches merit consideration : -LRB- a -RRB- the prompt adoption of the draft comprehensive Penal Code ; and -LRB- b -RRB- the adoption of a stand-alone specific bill on torture ,   following   the State party 's example of adopting other individual laws in the field of human rights , such as those welcomed in paragraph 5 above . The State party should also ensure that all acts of torture are punishable by appropriate penalties which take into account their grave nature , as set out in paragraph 2 , article 4 , of the Convention .
 Despite this diligence , the absence of the complainant from his home , observed on numerous occasions , had seriously hampered the collection of reliable information . 6.2 Regarding the absence of information on the status of the case , the State party explains that the Code of Criminal Procedure calls for no special procedures to notify or inform the complainant when a complaint is filed , and that it is customary and logical for the complainant himself to   follow   the case . As for the argument that the complainant may be held criminally and civilly liable in the event that proceedings are dismissed in an application for civil indemnities , the State party explains that such a risk exists only if slanderous accusations have been made .
 Among members of the Network are business companies -LRB- both national and multinational -RRB- from financial , insurance , telecommunications , textile , chemical and other industries , consultative bodies and other sectors , business and professional associations , trade unions , academic institutions , NGOs and international organisations . Among 51 member the majority -LRB- 42 -RRB- is business representatives ,   followed   by civil society organisations -LRB- 7 -RRB- and academic institutions -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Approximately half of business companies are SMEs .
 At the regional level , over the past three years , the UNICEF Regional Office for Latin America and the Caribbean has also dedicated a team of two professionals , which then expanded to four , to assist country offices and intergovernmental bodies in addressing disparities as one of the main threats to the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals in the region , affecting particularly indigenous peoples . More recently , and   following   the recommendation that the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues made in the context of the Second International Decade of the World 's Indigenous People , UNICEF has started a dialogue with indigenous leaders from the Caribbean to identify the key challenges on indigenous issues and strategic actions to address these . Policies or similar tools on the issues of indigenous peoples
 The Human Rights Council Advisory Committee , At its plenary meeting , held on August 2008 , the Advisory Committee designated Committee member Jos Bengoa to   follow   the work of the Social Forum and to brief the Committee at its resumed first session in January 2009 on issues of relevance to the work of the Committee . The Advisory Committee also designated two other of its members , Mona Zulficar and Miguel Alfonso Martinez , to follow the work of the Forum on minorities issues and the expert mechanism on the rights of indigenous peoples , respectively , and to brief the Committee at its resumed first session in January 2009 on issues of relevance to its work .
 At its plenary meeting , held on August 2008 , the Advisory Committee designated Committee member Jos Bengoa to follow the work of the Social Forum and to brief the Committee at its resumed first session in January 2009 on issues of relevance to the work of the Committee . The Advisory Committee also designated two other of its members , Mona Zulficar and Miguel Alfonso Martinez , to   follow   the work of the Forum on minorities issues and the expert mechanism on the rights of indigenous peoples , respectively , and to brief the Committee at its resumed first session in January 2009 on issues of relevance to its work . Commission on Sustainable Development
 In this regard , I would like to suggest that the African Union and the United Nations hold a high-level donor conference in the coming months , perhaps in New York , to highlight the needs of AMISOM and solicit additional donor contributions for the Mission . I would suggest that at that time the United Nations and the African Union establish a standing coordination mechanism to -LRB- 1 -RRB- ensure the continuous updating and validation of the AMISOM concept of operations and requirements based on United Nations standards and -LRB- 2 -RRB- develop and coordinate a programme of working-level meetings in Addis Ababa , New York , and troop-contributor and donor capitals , with a view to   following   up on outstanding requirements . I make the above set of proposals because I believe it is the most effective , efficient and timely way in which the United Nations could help the African Union to meet its current challenges in supporting AMISOM and , at the same time , build its capacity to meet future challenges .
 Agenda and organization of work At its 2nd meeting , on 6 February 2008 , the Commission adopted its provisional agenda as contained in document E/CN.5/2008/1/Rev.1. The agenda read as   follows   : Election of officers .
 4. Calls upon the international community to increase its efforts to fully implement the commitments of the Hyogo Declaration and the Hyogo Framework for Action ; 5. Invites Member States , the United Nations system , international financial institutions , regional bodies and other international organizations , including the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies , as well as civil society , including non-governmental organizations and volunteers , the private sector and the scientific community , to increase efforts to support , cooperate and coordinate activities to implement and   follow   up the Hyogo Framework for Action ; 6. Calls upon the United Nations system , and invites international financial institutions and regional and international organizations , to integrate the goals of and take into full account the Hyogo Framework for Action in their strategies and programmes , making use of existing coordination mechanisms , and to assist developing countries with those mechanisms to design and implement , as appropriate , disaster risk-reduction measures with a sense of urgency ;
 Decisions of the Attorney General are subject to judicial review . The High Court of Justice , however , has   followed   a policy of restraint , and judgments overturning a decision of the Attorney General are rare . The Public Defender 's Office
 Report on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2007 and the note by the Secretary-General transmitting his comments thereon -LRB- A/62/281 -LRB- Part II -RRB- and Add.1 -RRB-  . Also at the same meeting , the representative of Egypt -LRB- also on behalf of India -RRB- orally proposed to amend the draft decision by deleting the   following   documents : Reports of the Secretary-General on the updated financial position of closed peacekeeping missions as at 30 June 2006 and as at 30 June 2007 -LRB- A/61/867 and A/62/757 -RRB-
 Recalls its request in its resolution 59/288 to review without delay options to better safeguard the independence of the Headquarters Committee on Contracts , and encourages the Secretary-General to develop further measures to mitigate higher exposure to financial risk ; Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that , on matters relating to procurement in the field , the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Department of Field Support   follow   the principles of objectivity and impartiality in advising the Procurement Division . The Fifth Committee also recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decision :
 Likewise , the demand side question - and thereby the customers - has a tendency to disappear in the discussions . The WCD would like to see Denmark   follow   the example of Sweden , and soon Norway , by making it a criminal act to purchase sexual services . Needless to say , such a law should go hand in hand with offers in relation to social services , debt relief , education and creation of job opportunities into the labour market .
 According to UNODC estimates , global cannabis herb production peaked in 2004 , at 45 , 000 tons , and then decreased in 2005 , to 42 , 000 tons , and then again in 2006 , to 41 , 400 tons . In 2006 , the Americas accounted for an estimated 55 per cent of global cannabis herb production ,   followed   by Africa -LRB- 22 per cent -RRB- , Asia -LRB- 16 per cent -RRB- , Europe -LRB- 6 per cent -RRB- and Oceania -LRB- 1 per cent -RRB- . It was estimated that , in 2006 , 31 per cent of global cannabis herb production -LRB- 12 , 900 tons -RRB- took place in North America .
 The total amount of cocaine manufactured in 2007 was estimated at 994 tons : 600 tons in Colombia , 290 tons in Peru and 104 tons in Bolivia . In Colombia , the Pacific region had the largest areas under cultivation in 2007 -LRB- 25 , 960 ha -RRB- ,   followed   by the Putumayo-Caquet -LRB- 21 , 130 ha -RRB- , central -LRB- 20 , 950 ha -RRB- and Meta-Guaviare -LRB- 19 , 690 ha -RRB- regions . Together , they represented 89 per cent of the total area under coca bush cultivation in Colombia .
 Of the 152 countries and territories for which UNODC had collated records of drug seizures in 2006 , 142 had seized cannabis products . In 2007 , cannabis herb continued to be the most frequently seized drug in Africa , the Americas and Oceania , while cannabis resin was the most frequently seized drug in Europe ,   followed   by cannabis herb . Cannabis herb
 In some cases , transit bonds are required to be posted by the transporters in order to mitigate the risks associated with the diversion of goods to domestic use . These bonds are however released on the strength of an acquittal -LRB- i.e. that a Customs control mechanism has been   followed   through to conclusion -RRB- of the transit documents by authorities of the receiving countries , and not based on first-hand confirmation of export by the Ivorian Customs . There is no monitoring/inspection by the Ivorian Customs authority at the border areas to determine whether any seals remain intact at the point of export .
 The percentage of private institutions of tertiary education is 80 % . Individuals and bodies are able to establish and direct educational institutions provided that the relevant procedures set by the Ministry of Education and Culture , the relevant authority for the grant of such permissions , are   followed   . All citizens and residents of the Republic can exercise their right to choose the educational institution of their preference , freely .
 The SMEGA Level 3 Guidance is designed for financial statements of smaller enterprises that are often owner-managed and have no or few employees . Such enterprises should generally   follow   a simplified accruals-based accounting system that is closely linked to cash transactions . The SMEGA Level 3 Guidance is intended to meet the needs of users and preparers of financial statements for these enterprises .
 The mode of transmission of HIV in Papua New Guinea is predominantly unprotected heterosexual intercourse . That is   followed   by mother-to-child transmission and a few cases through men having sex with men . In December 2007 , the national prevalence rate was projected at 1.61 per cent , with a total 56 , 175 people living with the virus .
 Should there be accidents in or mines found in released areas , such areas or portions of them may be reclassified as suspected mined areas or confirmed mined areas . -LRB- vi -RRB- A formal national policy addressing liability issues : National policies and standards on the release of land should detail the shift of liability from the mine action operator to the national , sub-national or local government or other entity with mine action operators obliged to   follow   national policies and standards in order to be exempt from liability . -LRB- vii -RRB- A common set of terminology to be used when describing the process : Many States Parties use different terminology to broadly describe the same processes .
 In June the de facto authorities in the Gali district restarted the process , with limited results , owing to the reluctance of Gali district residents to state in the application forms that they renounce their Georgian citizenship . The Human Rights Office   followed   up on a case involving a Georgian priest who was sent from Tbilisi to Gali to conduct religious services in the Georgian language . Abkhaz religious authorities denied him authorization to do so , following which the priest was expelled from Gali .
 The Sukhumi office received 38 visitors over the reporting period , with the majority of claims relating to property rights and to the treatment of detainees . The Office   followed   up on alleged violations of the right to freedom of movement and continued discussions with the de facto authorities about the fate of the last remaining death-row inmate in Abkhazia , Georgia . The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe -LRB- OSCE -RRB- began the implementation of two projects .
 The carrier is relieved of all or part of its liability pursuant to paragraph 1 of this article if it proves that the cause or one of the causes of the loss , damage , or delay is not attributable to its fault or to the fault of any person referred to in article 18 . The carrier is also relieved of all or part of its liability pursuant to paragraph 1 of this article if , alternatively to proving the absence of fault as provided in paragraph 2 of this article , it proves that one or more of the   following   events or circumstances caused or contributed to the loss , damage , or delay : -LRB- a -RRB- Act of God ;
 Canada welcomed a speedy accession to the remaining core international human rights treaties , in particular the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights , to which the Bahamas stated it will accede . Canada recommended that the Bahamas   follow   the recommendation of the Committee on the Rights of the Child to establish a national human rights institution in accordance with the Paris Principles , that is adequately resourced , child-sensitive and able to provide remedies in a timely manner . Recognizing the challenges that the Bahamas faces with regard to migrants and asylum seekers , Canada supported the recommendations of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination that migrants , refugees and asylum-seekers be detained only as a last resort and , furthermore , that alternatives to detention be sought , and recommended that the Bahamas implement the recommendations of the Committee .
 The Committee notes the in-depth evaluation carried out by the Office of Internal Oversight Services of the electoral assistance element -LRB- E/AC.51/2007/2/Add.1 -RRB- . The Advisory Committee notes that the staffing resources of the Country Support Cluster are proposed to be strengthened to keep up with increased demand and to address the recommendations of the Office of Internal Oversight Services to expand and diversify the Division 's roster of electoral experts. The proposals include the   following   eight new posts -LRB- A/62/521 , paras. 296 and 297 -RRB- :  An additional Senior Political Affairs Officer -LRB- P-5 -RRB- is requested to help manage and share the workload geographically with another existing Officer to ensure the provision of adequate support to all countries supported by the Electoral Affairs Division -LRB- currently 40 -RRB- , provide overall guidance and supervision to team members , follow up on UNDP electoral projects and support additional operational efforts of the Department of Political Affairs .
 The main conclusions drawn from the evaluation related to capacity-building and training strategy , recommending that there should be a more systematic focus on supporting decentralization and consolidating the capacities provided by local and regional partners . Also , training should be part of the planning exercise in order to devote sufficient time to needs assessment , identification of the training audience , expected results and the development of a monitoring and evaluation system to track results of the training and to   follow   up on training workshops in the field . Evaluation of the female genital mutilation/cutting abandonment programme undertaken by the UNICEF Egypt country office
  FOCA with Open City International Foundation Inc. created a Partnership for Results permanent forum with several workshops and virtual conferences , studying cases , analyzing common factors of success and failures among implemented projects , looking for transversal approaches .  These statement present recommendations consolidated with partners in two of the workshops , respectively , in Lisbon and in Paris , as approaches to be   followed   on projects on behalf of sustainable development . Recommendations :
 Recognizes the importance of the follow-up to and implementation of General Assembly resolution 61/159 of 19 December 2006 and underlines the priority importance that the Assembly continue providing support and guidance to the High Commissioner in the ongoing process of improvement of the geographical balance in the composition of the staff of the Office of the High Commissioner ; Requests the High Commissioner to submit a comprehensive and updated report to the Council in 2009 in accordance with its annual programme of work ,   following   the structure and scope of her report and with a special focus on further measures taken to correct the imbalance in geographical composition of the staff of the Office . 39th meeting 27 March 2008
 November 2005-August 2006 : Counsellor , National Commission for the International Organization of la Francophonie , Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Regional Cooperation , Ouagadougou , Burkina Faso Principal duties : Initiating , organizing and coordinating partnerships between governmental and non-governmental organizations regarding la Francophonie ; raising awareness of la Francophonie and promoting its influence in Burkina Faso ; preparing summits and meetings of organs of la Francophonie ;   following   up on the implementation of summit decisions and recommendations October 1999-November 2005 : Minister Counsellor , Legal Counsellor at the Consulate General of Burkina Faso in Abidjan , Republic of Cte d'Ivoire
 Calls upon all Governments to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur in the performance of his/her mandated tasks and duties , to supply all information requested , including with regard to implementation of the recommendations of the Special Rapporteur , and to give serious consideration to responding favourably to his/her requests for visits and communications ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Special Rapporteur with all necessary assistance for the effective fulfilment of his/her mandate , in particular staff and resources , including to carry out and   follow   up on missions ; Also requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the reports of the Special Rapporteur are brought to the attention of the Commission on the Status of Women , the General Assembly and the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women , and requests the Special Rapporteur to present an oral report annually to the Commission and to the Assembly ;
 At the 23rd and 24th meetings , on 13 and 14 March 2008 , the Council held a general debate on item 4 , during which the following made statements : -LRB- b -RRB- Observers for the   following   States : Australia , Belgium , Iceland , Iran -LRB- Islamic Republic of -RRB- , Ireland , New Zealand ; At the 24th meeting , on 14 March 2008 , statements in exercise of the right of reply were made by the representatives of China , Colombia , Ethiopia , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , Iran -LRB- Islamic Republic of -RRB- , Iraq , Japan , Nepal , Slovenia , Sri Lanka and Zimbabwe .
 Consideration of the document on the 10-year strategic plan and framework to enhance the implementation of the Convention - Committee on Science and Technology The COP at its eighth session requested the CST to have its work plan and programme developed   following   a results-based management approach , and to also develop advice to the Committee on the Review of the Implementation of the Convention -LRB- CRIC -RRB- on how best to measure progress on Strategic Objectives 1 , 2 and 3 of The Strategy . The secretariat in consultation with the Bureau of the CST has developed the requested documents and presents them in ICCD/CST -LRB- S-1 -RRB- /4 .
 Fifteen thousand pupils in need of help with their physical or mental development are studying in ordinary general schools , and 7 , 300 of them are in special classes -LRB- diagram 3 -RRB- . Arrangements have been made for 7 , 300 children to study at home   following   individual programmes . Diagram 3 Numbers of pupils with limited development potential in education -LRB- thousands -RRB-
 Statement* This year , the Economic and Social Council will once again examine the issue of The equal sharing of responsibilities between women and men , men , including care-giving in the context of HIV/AIDS. We would like to offer the   following   points for consideration in the panel discussions and plenary sessions . Male responsibilities in family life must be included in the education of children from the earliest ages .
 Assistance will also be provided in improving the Committee 's cooperation with the administering Powers , maintaining contacts with the representatives of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and developing relations with the organizations and agencies of the United Nations system aimed at achieving further progress in decolonization and bringing a complete end to colonialism . Supportive actions will include closely   following   the developments in the Non-Self-Governing Territories , conducting research and preparing working papers , reports and analytical and briefing materials . In addition , in cooperation with the Department of Public Information , information material , including publications and audio and visual programmes related to decolonization , will be prepared and disseminated to a wide audience , with a view to increasing the awareness of the international community with regard to the decolonization issues as well as in mobilizing international support for the achievement of the complete eradication of colonialism .
 My delegation is pleased to note that the Court has managed to clear its backlog of cases and that in an effort to increase and expedite the availability of Court documents and reduce communication costs it has launched a new website that makes it possible to access the Court 's entire jurisprudence since 1946 , thus ensuring wider global awareness of its activities . Further , we applaud the Court for its contributions as part of its current role in promoting the rule of law ,   following   the 2005 World Summit Outcome -LRB- resolution 60/1 -RRB- . For a judicial body of the magnitude of the International Court of Justice to function effectively , it must be accorded the support it deserves .
 In that regard , we note that , in spite of the progress made , it is necessary to strengthen the measures for the protection of children affected by armed conflict in the framework of an integral approach that can not be limited to the security aspects and must include political , juridical and socio-economic measures . Regarding the implementation of resolution 1612 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- of the Security Council and the functioning of the Working Group on Children and Armed Conflict , Argentina believes that progress is needed with regard to the   following   . First , the Security Council must reiterate the clear message to all responsible parties that the international community will not tolerate any further violation of the rights of children in conflict .
 Table 4 provides a summary of the Panel 's assessment of the commercial timber allocation process for all 14 timber sales and forest-management contracts . The Panel notes with concern that , while the general framework of the National Forestry Reform Law is being used to plan and allocate timber concessions , FDA is often either not aware of the legal requirements or unable to   follow   them . As a result , the allocation of timber concessions is being conducted in a manner that is often not in conformity with the National Forestry Reform Law and regulations , or the Public Procurement and Concessions Act .
 However , the United Nations , building upon existing targeted financial sanctions regimes , could be tasked with maintaining a repository of information and expertise to assist in tracing the movement of assets from State to State , in accordance with relevant Council decisions . A mutual technical assistance arrangement could be created in order to provide to Member States the necessary expertise to properly and quickly   follow   relevant assets , and , potentially , to assist the victim country in its effort to recover monies associated with damage resulting from economic sabotage . Such activities could be seen as an outgrowth of paragraph 4 -LRB- c -RRB- of resolution 1532 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , whereby the Council tasked its Liberia Committee with assisting States where necessary in tracing and freezing relevant assets .
 Draft recommendation 23 It was suggested that draft recommendation 23 should   follow   draft recommendation 17 , as it addressed an important issue . Another suggestion made was that the commentary should note that a secured creditor could surrender its security interest following consolidation and the debt would become payable by all of the consolidated entities .
 In 2006 , TAS was upgraded into the Joint Assistance Strategy for Tanzania -LRB- JAST -RRB- . The government and development partners have put in place a mechanism for discussing the IMG reports and   following   up on agreed points of action . The Tanzania experience with mutual accountability under the Independent Monitoring Group provides some lessons which can be shared with other aid receiving countries .
 Recalls its request in its resolution 59/288 to review without delay options to better safeguard the independence of the Headquarters Committee on Contracts , and encourages the Secretary-General to develop further measures to mitigate higher exposure to financial risk ; Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that , on matters relating to procurement in the field , the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Department of Field Support   follow   the principles of objectivity and impartiality in advising the Procurement Division . A/61/846/Add.1 .
 The institutions reporting the most cases are the peace and family courts , with 9 , 212 cases , the National Civil Police with 7 , 189 cases , and the Public Prosecutor 's Office , with 1 , 373 cases. -LRB- Table 9 -RRB- . The most commonly reported form of aggression is physical-psychological violence ,   followed   by psychological violence , and finally by physical-psychological-economic violence , which afflicts mainly married women -LRB- Annexes , Tables 10 and 11 -RRB- . The National Institute of Forensic Sciences -LRB- INACIF -RRB- , in its records of causes of death , reports firearms and knives as the instruments most frequently used against women. -LRB- Annex , Table 12 -RRB- .
 Delegations welcomed the harmonization efforts and regretted the minor differences . They expressed the hope that UNFPA and UNOPS would   follow   the UNDP proposal to annex the report of the Audit Advisory Committee -LRB- AAC -RRB- to their respective annual internal audit and oversight reports . They underlined the relevance of a confidentiality pledge and requested the three organizations to annex a common template of such a confidentiality pledge to their respective documents .
 Addendum Pursuant to rule 11 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council , and in accordance with paragraph 7 of the note by the President dated 19 December 2007 -LRB- S/2007/749 -RRB- , the Secretary-General is submitting the   following   summary statement . The complete list of items of which the Security Council was seized as at 7 June 2008 is contained in document S/2008/10/Add.22 of 12 June 2008 .
 The first part should consist of a factual narrative that describes what States are doing to implement each article under review . The second part should be a set of observations in which the reviewers identify the   following   : -LRB- a -RRB- achievements and gaps in implementation ; -LRB- b -RRB- potential opportunities for support or assistance ; and -LRB- c -RRB- priorities for the State under review with regard to implementation of the Convention -LRB- United States -RRB- . The observations should not be pronouncements on what particular States must do to implement the Convention ; rather , they should be viewed as constructive ideas for strengthening implementation , identifying priorities for implementation and helping the Conference identify successes and challenges in implementing specific articles or portions of the Convention -LRB- United States -RRB- .
 During the discussion of the proposed business plan template set out in annex 2 of the draft overarching framework one partnership lead , representing two partnership areas , said that the template had proved to be very useful in the development of business plans for those areas . In response to a question regarding the flexibility of the proposed template , the representative of the secretariat said that it was intended only as guidance and an aid to consistency but was not meant to be   followed   inflexibly . There was considerable discussion of whether the objectives for the partnership areas should be ambitious .
 The Acting President : We turn next to draft resolution A/63/L.15 , entitled Commemoration of the fifteenth anniversary of the International Conference on Population and Development . Before proceeding to take action on draft resolution A/63/L.15 , I should like to announce that , since the introduction of the draft resolution , the   following   countries have become sponsors : Austria , Bulgaria , Canada , Denmark , Finland , Ireland , Israel , Italy , Luxembourg , Mozambique , the Netherlands , Portugal , Slovakia , Slovenia , Spain , Sweden and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland . May I take it that the Assembly decides to adopt draft resolution A/63/L.15 ?
 See footnote 10 above . During the intersessional period , the chairman of AOSIS nominated the   following   individuals to share the two-year membership term for the small island developing States : Mr. Enele Sopoaga -LRB- 15 December 2007 to 14 December 2008 -RRB- and Mr. Leonard Nurse -LRB- 15 December 2008 to 14 December 2009 -RRB- . Mr. Amjad Abdulla was nominated as the alternate member .
 The Administration indicated that the Property Management Manual , containing detailed guidance on the management of property , had been issued and copies circulated to all missions on 8 January 2007 . The Board noted instances at various missions in which recording had not been done in accordance with paragraphs 5.30 and 5.31 of the Property Management Manual , which require the reconciliation of property records with the information derived from physical verification. These instances were as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- At UNMIL , of the 42 , 173 items of non-expendable assets , 7 , 781 -LRB- 18.45 per cent -RRB- valued at $ 32.28 million had not been physically verified during 2006/07 .
 For its part , the 1987 Constitution stipulates in article 35 that freedom to work shall be guaranteed and that all citizens have a duty to devote themselves to the work of their choice in order to meet their needs and those of their family and to cooperate with the State in establishing a social security system . In addition , Haiti has ratified 23 ILO Conventions , including the   following   that have a bearing on the status of employed women : Convention ion No.29 concerning Forced Labour , ratified on 26 September 1957 ; Convention No. 100 concerning equal remuneration for men and women workers for work of equal value , ratified on 5 December 1957 ; Convention No.111 concerning Discrimination in Employment and Occupation , ratified on 9 March 1962 ; Convention No.138 concerning Minimum Age for Admission to Employment -LRB- ratified on 15 May 2007 -RRB-
 Key elements of the testimony of the victims , survivors , witnesses and non-governmental organizations , together with the mission 's own observations , are given below .  Following   the mission 's methodology outlined above , the situation of victims and needs of survivors was addressed from the perspective of international law in general and human rights in particular . The extremely difficult conditions of life facing all Gazans in many instances constitute gross violations of human rights and international humanitarian law .
 This applies in particular to Albania , Bosnia and Herzegovina and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , where the level of FDI remains relatively low and the strong reliance on hosting outward processing activities in metals , textiles and other labour-intensive industries continues . If the countries of South-Eastern Europe manage to create an environment more favourable to attracting greenfield FDI into export-oriented sectors and strengthen linkages between export sectors and domestic economic activity , they may be able to   follow   in the footsteps of the new EU member States by integrating into the production structures and distribution networks of EU and to dynamize the reindustrialization of their economies -LRB- see sect . The continued surge of oil prices , coupled with the macroeconomic stability over the recent period , has driven greater FDI inflows into the resource-rich countries of CIS .
 For information to be collected , compiled and disseminated to States in a standardized format , the Division initiated the development of a maritime zones layer in the IHO S-100 standard to structure its geographic information database according to the forthcoming specifications of that layer . The States Parties   following   these specifications when preparing their deposits will enable the Division to include the information as deposited in its GIS and make it available for seamless integration into electronic nautical charts . Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf
 At the ninth meeting of the Conference of the Parties , and with the support of the Partnership , leaders from across the Caribbean announced the Caribbean Challenge , which aims to protect at least 20 per cent of their marine and coastal habitats by 2020 . The initiative   follows   similar commitments in other regions , such as the Micronesia Challenge -LRB- see www.metconservation.org -RRB- and the Coral Triangle Initiative -LRB- see www.cti-secretariat.net -RRB- . UNEP-World Conservation Monitoring Centre , with partners , is developing a global islands information portal and database to assist in the assessment of scientific information on , and compilation of , ecological criteria for the identification of marine areas that require protection in the world 's island areas .
 At its 5831st meeting , on 6 February 2008 , the Security Council decided to invite the representative of Kenya to participate , without vote , in the discussion of the item entitled Peace and security in Africa . At the same meeting ,   following   consultations among members of the Security Council , the President made the following statement on behalf of the Council : The Council deplores the widespread violence following the elections , which has resulted in extensive loss of life and serious humanitarian consequences .
 The Committee is also not convinced of the need for the Associate Political Affairs Officer -LRB- P-2 -RRB- , in view of the current strength of the Office . The Secretary-General proposes the reclassification of the   following   posts :  Chief of the Civil Affairs Office from the P-5 to the D-1 level -LRB- A/62/751 , paras. 20 and 21 -RRB-
 The Advisory Committee recommends that these changes to the format of budget submissions be considered by the Executive Boards of all funds and programmes . The Committee recalls that ,   following   Executive Board decisions 2005/5 and 2005/33 , the support budget for the United Nations Capital Development Fund -LRB- UNCDF -RRB- has become an integral part of the UNDP support budget estimates and proposals . The support budget estimates for the United Nations Development Fund for Women are presented separately for consideration -LRB- see DP/2008/4 and paragraphs. 36-44 below -RRB- .
 The period from 2004 to 2008 witnessed momentous positive changes in favour of women in terms of national legislation , as they became members of the Federal National Council and the Council of Ministers . All this made it incumbent on the commission to   follow   up those developments and successive changes and provide documentary information in order to put out the report in its final form . In submitting its first report to the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women , the United Arab Emirates hopes that the report will present a favourable picture of the advancement of women in the Emirates in recent years , as the country strives to continue to develop national legislation and to strengthen rights to favour the integration of women into society and their positive participation in its building and development .
 Data from the administration of public-interest associations of the Ministry of Social Affairs indicate that up to the end of 2005 there were 120 public-interest associations in the country . Among these , popular art associations ranked highest in terms of number , inasmuch as there were 30 such associations in 2005 ,   followed   by cultural and public services associations -LRB- 23 -RRB- and professional associations -LRB- 20 -RRB- . Within this context one finds five women 's associations in the country , divided among the different Emirates and having branches in the various regions in each Emirate , in addition to the General Women 's Union , which was founded on 27 August 2007 and counts among its members the following founding women 's associations :
 Significantly , the event took place alongside the fourth session of the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues. PECS aided in carrying issues discussed at the Forum to the next level by extending the dialogue beyond United Nations Headquarters . It provided the opportunity to   follow   up issues brought to the Permanent Forum. Before then , there had been no opportunity for indigenous peoples to share their experiences once they returned home from New York . The use of the internet portal was reported in many indigenous languages and publicized by the media .
 In response , the Director of Programme clarified that the agreed approaches for the allocation of regular resources were not changed ; the application of the criteria approved by the Executive Board had aligned previous imbalances . Adjusting the resource allocation to   follow   the Executive Board-approved criteria does not mean that UNICEF will exit from a country . As countries move towards certain benchmark targets , a discussion will take place on the future of programmes in these countries before a proposal is presented to the Executive Board .
 Twenty-nine departments/offices employed such staff during 2006-2007 . The United Nations Office at Geneva employed a total of 49 staff -LRB- 18.1 per cent of the total -RRB- ,   followed   by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations -LRB- field missions -RRB- with 48 staff -LRB- 17.7 per cent of the total -RRB- and the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management with 46 staff -LRB- 17 per cent -RRB- . The number of days worked by persons in this category during the 2006-2007 biennium totalled 73 , 142 , representing an expenditure of $ 23.5 million .
 Organization of the session The fifth session of the Executive Board of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women -LRB- INSTRAW -RRB- was attended by the   following   members of the Executive Board : Belarus , Egypt , Grenada , Honduras , Israel , the Philippines , Slovakia , Spain , the Syrian Arab Republic and Zimbabwe . The list of participants is included in the annex to the present report .
 The UN country reports as well as the annual Global Monitoring Reports of the World Bank have been used as the main sources of data . In the long-term partner countries , Finland   follows   the progress closely through local MDG reporting . Special attention is paid to the two key issues in the Finnish development policy : poverty reduction and sustainable development .
 This review was undertaken both in the Committee on Rules and Judicial Practice and in the plenary . In considering such legal and judicial matters , the Tribunal   followed   closely the developments of the rules of procedure of the International Court of Justice and other international courts or tribunals . Some of the main issues which were considered are addressed below .
 Agriculture continues to be the dominant sector of source of employment in Tanzanian economy . It accounts for 75.1 per cent of employed persons   followed   by the private Informal sector 10.1 per cent and other private formal employing 8.6 per cent of the employed persons . Women employment compared to men is proportionally higher in the agriculture sector and household economic activities .
 It is certainly our duty within the Council to continue to provide those entities with the necessary guidance for the implementation of better protocols that will facilitate joint visits , which have already begun , as well as a better exchange of information and coordinated participation in regional activities , whenever possible . Costa Rica has closely   followed   the questioning of the measures adopted by States to implement the Security Council sanctions regime . It is worrying that those measures are still being called into question by national and regional jurisdictional entities for their alleged lack of compliance with the law and with due process .
 Stresses the need to ensure that the technical assistance provided makes the maximum impact , in accordance with the Paris Declaration on Aid Effectiveness , and avoids duplication and overlap ; Recognizes that the   following   principles should underpin mechanisms for ensuring coordination and should be taken into account : -LRB- a -RRB- The importance of recipient States carrying out needs analyses , taking into account information given in response to questionnaires and the discussions and views expressed at the sessions of the Conference ;
 Partner agencies are also working together on the organization of the first-ever African Carbon Forum , which will be held in Dakar in September 2008 providing an excellent opportunity to keep up the positive momentum of the Clean Development Mechanism in Africa . At the United Nations , I have determined that the plan for renovating our New York Headquarters should   follow   strict environmental guidelines , including the reduction of our carbon footprint . I have asked the chief executives of all United Nations programmes , funds and specialized agencies to move swiftly towards climate neutrality in their operations .
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- The preamble was added on second reading in order to provide a contextual framework for the draft articles . The draft preamble   follows   previous precedents elaborated by the Commission , in particular on the draft articles on Prevention of transboundary harm from hazardous activities and the draft principles on the allocation of loss in the case of transboundary harm arising out of hazardous activities . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The first preambular paragraph is overarching in recognizing the importance of groundwater as a life-supporting resource for humankind .
 This will be sent to all heads of units for them and their respective leave monitors to implement . This opportunity will be used to reconfirm that the administration and recording of leave is decentralized and that therefore the approval of annual leave rests with line managers , as does the responsibility to ensure that the established procedures for requesting and recording leave are   followed   . UNFPA agreed with the Board 's recommendation that it ensure that country offices maintain accurate and complete leave records .
 Based on the differences between the operating fund advances according to the nationally executed expenditure audit reports and the general ledger as at 31 December 2007 , the Board is concerned that the amount recorded in the financial statements is not accurate . The Board recommends that UNFPA take steps to   follow   up the differences noted between the advances outstanding according to the audit reports and the general ledger and implement measures and controls in all country offices and at headquarters to reconcile advances and expenditure per project on a regular basis . The Board recommends that UNFPA : -LRB- a -RRB- take steps to follow up on long-outstanding operating fund advances and to ensure that funds advanced are utilized for their intended purposes ; and -LRB- b -RRB- ensure that the ageing schedule of operating fund advances is accurate .
 The Board recommends that UNFPA : -LRB- a -RRB- develop a system to integrate the commitment control and general ledger modules in Atlas to allow for updated reports on third-party balances to be generated easily ; and -LRB- b -RRB- implement processes to regularly reconcile , review and monitor fund code balances to ensure accuracy and completeness . UNFPA agreed with the Board 's recommendation that it   follow   an approach consistent with that used in procurement for other United Nations agencies that require advance payments to be made . UNFPA informed the Board that the integration or synchronization of the commitment control with the general ledger module posed difficulties in terms of the current Atlas configuration and the adoption of the new accounting concepts in connection with IPSAS .
 Weak controls over the disbursement process The Division noted several weaknesses in the procurement and disbursement processes , including the lack of a system to   follow   up on advances and the charging of expenditures to the wrong project or account . Some country offices did not systematically certify that goods or services had been delivered satisfactorily prior to processing payment and did not cancel the supporting documents upon payment .
 UNFPA plays an active and leading role in the inter-agency processes to facilitate progress towards the achievement of United Nations reform goals for greater development impact . UNFPA will assist in the mobilization of resources from both developed and developing countries ,   following   the commitments made by all countries in the Programme of Action to ensure that the goals of the International Conference on Population and Development are met . Reaching the goals of the Programme of Action is also essential for achieving the Millennium Development Goals .
 -LRB- 3 -RRB- Whether responsibility is primary or subsidiary , an injured State or international organization is not required to refrain from addressing a claim to a responsible entity until another entity whose responsibility has been invoked has failed to provide reparation . Subsidiarity does not imply the need to   follow   a chronological sequence in addressing a claim . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Paragraph 3 corresponds to article 47 , paragraph 2 , on responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts , with the addition of the words or international organization in subparagraphs -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- .
 Regular monitoring of risks is necessary because the Secretariat operates in a constantly changing environment . The monitoring process should provide assurance that there are appropriate controls in place for the Organization 's activities , that the procedures are understood and   followed   and that lessons learned and areas for improvement are identified and addressed . Regular audits of policy and standards compliance should be carried out , and standards performance should be reviewed to identify opportunities for improvement .
 The Committee noted that the investigation function of the Office of Internal Oversight Services represented a useful tool to reduce the Organization 's exposure to risk and recommended to the General Assembly in that regard to take into account the need to ensure that the investigation process was accompanied by adequate guarantees of transparency , accountability and impartiality . The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the programme narrative of programme 25 , Internal oversight , of the proposed biennial programme plan , subject to the   following   modifications : Overall orientation
 The following major legislation or measures have been introduced since the last periodic report : The Equal Pay Act 1970 -LRB- Amendment -RRB- Regulations 2004 , which came into force on 1 October 2004 , altered the procedure that employment tribunals are required to   follow   where there is a question as to whether the claimant and the comparator are doing work of equal value ; The Employment Tribunals -LRB- Constitution and Rules of Procedure -RRB- -LRB- Amendment -RRB- Regulations 2004 made changes to the equal value tribunal procedures . These two sets of Regulations were introduced in order to make the tribunal system work more effectively and to tackle the delays that can occur in the large-scale and more complex equal value cases ; The Employment Equality -LRB- Sex Discrimination -RRB- Regulations 2005 came into force on 1 October 2005 .
 The strategy will take into account the internationally agreed development goals stemming from the major United Nations conferences in the economic and social fields , including those set forth in the Millennium Declaration . In particular , technical cooperation services will be provided to the countries of the region to   follow   up on the plans of action adopted at United Nations international conferences and summits in the social sphere . 17.20 The strategy will consist in developing applied research , generating analyses , disseminating the results and formulating policy recommendations to strengthen the capacity of stakeholders to make sound diagnoses of social issues for application in policies and programmes .
 Other relevant intergovernmental organizations that were accredited to the International Conference on Financing for Development and its follow-up process , as well as relevant organizations of the United Nations system , may participate in the deliberations of the Conference , as appropriate , in accordance with the rules of procedure of the Conference . In addition , interested intergovernmental organizations that were not accredited to the International Conference on Financing for Development or its follow-up process may apply to the General Assembly for accreditation   following   the established accreditation procedure . Online registration and accreditation forms are available at www.un-ngls.org/ffd/sign.php .
 South Africa : revised draft resolution The Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice recommends to the Economic and Social Council the adoption of the   following   draft resolution : Strengthening the rule of law through improved integrity and capacity of prosecution services
 Iran will have to abide by this newly adopted resolution . If it does not , additional measures will have to   follow   . Progress on nuclear disarmament requires political will on the part of the States that possess nuclear weapons , especially the two States that possess 95 per cent of the world 's nuclear stocks : the United States and the Russian Federation .
 -LRB- p -RRB- Recommends that a limited number of regional focal centres , with the responsibility to facilitate coordinated activities in the regions covering both chemicals and waste management , be selected from among the existing regional centres of the Basel and Stockholm Conventions . These focal centres will be designated   following   regional agreement and in accordance with the relevant procedural provisions of the respective conventions. These focal centres should : -LRB- i -RRB- Ensure that the regional centres deliver their work in accordance with defined priorities and serve as an entry point for countries needing assistance or guidance on which centre in a region could provide assistance for a specific purpose ;
 UNICEF surpassed the $ 1 billion level in technical cooperation delivery for the fifth consecutive year . UNICEF directed $ 692.9 million of its resources to the humanitarian sector ,   followed   by $ 640.3 million to the health sector and $ 529.8 million to general development issues . In 2007 those three sectors combined accounted for $ 1.9 billion , or 76 per cent of funds expended on UNICEF activities .
 This happened as a common practice , and the traditional international practice of prior notice to and consultation with the party concerned was completely disregarded . Meanwhile there was persistent and prevalent behind-the-scenes lobbying by the United States , Japan and the European Union to coerce individual countries into   following   their course of action against the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . This is not all .
 Similarly there has been some conspicuous growth of employment and self-employment in the informal Sector . The Government remains the largest employer accounting for over 50 %   followed   by the private and informal sectors respectively . Employment in parastatal organisations has not shown significant increase .
 For the urban areas , the percentages are 42.1 % and 31.2 % , respectively . The contraceptive that women are most aware of is the pill , -LRB- 59.3 % -RRB- of women ,   followed   by the condom -LRB- 49 % -RRB- and injectable contraceptives -LRB- 40.4 % -RRB- . Among men , the most widely used known contraceptive is the condom , known by -LRB- 4.3 % -RRB- , followed by the pill -LRB- 7.0 % -RRB- and the injectable -LRB- 27.6 % -RRB- .
 The contraceptive that women are most aware of is the pill , -LRB- 59.3 % -RRB- of women , followed by the condom -LRB- 49 % -RRB- and injectable contraceptives -LRB- 40.4 % -RRB- . Among men , the most widely used known contraceptive is the condom , known by -LRB- 4.3 % -RRB- ,   followed   by the pill -LRB- 7.0 % -RRB- and the injectable -LRB- 27.6 % -RRB- . The proportion of men and women who have heard of condom is higher in the urban areas than in the rural areas .
 At the 678th meeting , on 11 February , the Chairman informed the Subcommittee that requests had been received from Angola , Costa Rica , Cte d'Ivoire , the Dominican Republic , El Salvador , Guatemala , the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Tunisia to attend the session as observers .  Following   past practice , those States were invited to send delegations to attend the current session of the Subcommittee and address it , as appropriate , without prejudice to further requests of that nature ; that action did not involve any decision of the Subcommittee concerning status but was a courtesy that the Subcommittee extended to those delegations . The following United Nations entities were represented at the session by observers : the United Nations Institute for Training and Research , the International Telecommunication Union -LRB- ITU -RRB- , the World Meteorological Organization and the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- .
 Attendance of meetings by non-member States - intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations It is noted that the Commission may wish to continue   following   the flexible approach in inviting intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations to attend sessions of the Commission and its working groups , or it may decide to set up a procedure for such purposes . Malaysia is agreeable with the proposal that the Commission compiles a list of organizations concerned with the whole range of the activities of the Commission and invites them to each session of the Commission and its Working Groups or to authorize the Secretariat to issue a standing invitation to them .
 It describes the nature of the general legal obligations undertaken by States parties to the Covenant . Those obligations include both what may be termed -LRB-   following   the work of the International Law Commission -RRB- obligations of conduct and obligations of result . While great emphasis has sometimes been placed on the difference between the formulations used in this provision and that contained in the equivalent article 2 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , it is not always recognized that there are also significant similarities .
 The Commission completed its work and submitted the final proposals to the Minister for approval . EUPM participates in the work of the Commission and   follows   all related developments . Police reform efforts
 The Near-Earth Object Program is supplemented by orbit follow-up observation activities carried out by a variety of professional and amateur astronomers around the world . The Action Team recognized that significant efforts were being made internationally to detect and , to a lesser degree ,   follow   up observations of potentially hazardous NEOs larger than 1 kilometre in diameter . As at 1 October 2008 , 823 objects larger than 1 kilometre had been found , out of a population estimated to be fewer than 1 , 000 such objects .
 At its 16th plenary meeting , held on 15 August 2008 , the Advisory Committee designated Committee members Mr. Jos Bengoa and Ms. Purificacion Valera Quisumbing to follow the work of the Social Forum and to brief the Committee , at its next session in January 2009 , on issues of relevance to the work of the Committee . The Advisory Committee also designated the members Ms. Mona Zulficar and Mr. Miguel Alfonso Martinez to   follow   the work of the forum on minority issues and the expert mechanism on the rights of indigenous peoples , respectively , and to brief the Committee at its next session on issues of relevance to its work . 15 August 2008
 This Conference was an initiative launched by the Guinean Presidency of the CPLP , with the support of the Executive Secretariat and Portugal , and took place in June 2008 . iv -RRB- The 14th , 15th , 16th and 17th Meetings of the Co-operation Focal Points that enabled to identify and   follow   multilateral projects aimed at promoting development and the eradication of poverty . v -RRB- The elaboration according to the decisions taken by the 12th Council of Ministers of the CPLP of the CPLP Strategic Plan for Timor-Leste that is designed to contribute to the development of that country by promoting , divulging and using the Portuguese language as a means of daily communication as well as the language used in business and professional life ; and by reinforcing the country 's institutional capacity in technical areas , such as justice and public administration .
 Messages were received from the Heads of Government of the following countries : Bangladesh , Bulgaria , China , India , Mali and Thailand . Messages were received from the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of the   following   countries : Botswana , Colombia , Japan , Libyan Arab Jamahiriya and Syrian Arab Republic . A message was received from the Government of Guyana .
 Since then , the Human Rights Council has decided to establish a new trust fund for the UPR . The Board will   follow   with interest technical cooperation activities that will stem from the UPR process , with a view to ensuring efficiency and coherence with the Technical Cooperation Programme as a whole . The Finance and Budget Section and the Donor and External Relations Sections of OHCHR provide the Board of Trustees with an update on the financial situation of the VFTC at each session .
 The table below shows the main drug seizures by drug group in 2005 and 2006 . In both years , cannabis continued to be the most widely trafficked drug worldwide ,   followed   by cocaine , opiates and amphetamine-type stimulants -LRB- ATS -RRB- in terms of volume . These trends will be discussed in detail in the subsequent sections of this report .
 However , drugs trafficked by commercial air accounted for over two thirds of the number of seizure reports . The most common places of hiding for cocaine being transported by air were passengers ' luggage ,   followed   by couriers swallowing drugs . D. Amphetamine-type stimulants
 However , assuming non-reporting countries have seized similar amounts in 2006 as in the previous year , global ATS seizure totals should have stabilized in 2006 . Methamphetamine continued to account for the majority of ATS seizures ,   followed   by amphetamine and ecstasy seizures . In 2005 , global seizures of amphetamines -LRB- methamphetamine , amphetamine and non-defined amphetamines -RRB- increased 59 per cent , to 38 tons .
 Though the importance of Europe as a production site for ecstasy is declining , most of the drug seized globally had been smuggled out of Europe to the final destination countries . The Netherlands continues to be the most frequently cited source country ,   followed   by Belgium . Germany , Hungary and the Russian Federation were frequently cited as intended destinations of ecstasy seized while in transit through other countries .
 Global seizures remained stable in 2006 at 94 tons , not a significant change from the 97 tons seized in 2005 . The largest volume of interdiction of khat was reported by the United States -LRB- 40 tons -RRB- ,   followed   by Germany -LRB- 16 tons -RRB- , Canada -LRB- 14 tons -RRB- and the United Republic of Tanzania -LRB- 5 tons -RRB- . Conclusions and recommendations
 The Ministers urge development partners to demonstrate a similar alacrity in implementing their part of the commitments whether in external debt , development assistance , financing , trade , technology transfer and other areas of cooperation . Building on General Assembly resolution 60/265 , the United Nations should develop an intergovernmental consensus for the establishment of effective mechanisms to review and   follow   up the implementation of MDGs and IADGs . The Minister reaffirmed that hunger constitutes a violation of human dignity and called for urgent measures at the national , regional and international levels for its elimination .
 The Commission was an official institution which was entitled to receive funds from the public budget and its members were appointed every three years . In addition to its advisory role , it had the exclusive authority to   follow   up on all women 's issues . There had been some initial opposition to the Commission but the support of the donor community had endowed it with greater credibility and had provided it with assistance in implementing programmes in accordance with international standards .
 -LRB- d -RRB- Strengthening cooperation within the United Nations system at the regional and subregional levels for the protection and promotion of human rights , including interaction between OHCHR programmes in the field and relevant United Nations human rights mechanisms ; -LRB- e -RRB-   Following   human rights developments to assist the Human Rights Council , in particular the universal periodic review , representing the cornerstone of the reform of United Nations human rights mechanisms as outlined in Human Rights Council resolution 5/1 , as well as other United Nations policymaking bodies and treaty bodies in engaging in a dialogue with countries in addressing human rights gaps and ensuring efficient and effective functioning of the country-specific special procedures of the Human Rights Council . Subprogramme 4 Supporting the Human Rights Council , its subsidiary bodies and mechanisms
 Introduction The present report , prepared in accordance with the provisions of Security Council resolution 1612 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , covers the period from 1 October 2006 to 31 December 2007 and   follows   my first report on the situation of children and armed conflict in Nepal -LRB- S/2006/1007 -RRB- and the subsequent conclusions and recommendations of the Working Group on Children and Armed Conflict -LRB- S/AC.51/2007/8 -RRB- . The report examines trends in violations of children 's rights in the volatile aftermath of Nepal 's decade-long armed conflict , with a focus on the six grave violations listed in the resolution : killing and maiming of children ; recruitment and use of children as soldiers ; abductions ; sexual violence ; attacks on schools and hospitals ; and the denial of humanitarian access to children .
 This requires the Board to make observations on the efficiency of the financial procedures , the accounting system and the internal financial controls of UNODC and generally on the administration and management of its operations . The General Assembly has also requested the Board to   follow   up and report on implementation of its previous recommendations . These matters are addressed in paragraphs 10 to 21 below .
 The current resource mobilization strategies of both the Basel and Desertification conventions attach great weight to the potential benefits of tapping into these resources through mainstreaming . Rotterdam Convention Parties may wish to give consideration to   following   the examples of these Conventions . Strategic Approach to International Chemicals Management -LRB- SAICM -RRB- : The International Conference on Chemicals Management -LRB- ICCM -RRB- adopted SAICM in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , in February 2006 , including a Quick Start Programme -LRB- QSP -RRB- .
 On 7 December 2000 , the Belgian Government adopted principles for a federal plan of action against racism , anti-Semitism and xenophobia . The plan provides for specific measures in the following ten main areas : anti-discrimination legislation ,   following   up on complaints , preventing the dissemination of racist and anti-Semite ideologies through the Internet and the distribution of racist leaflets , combating prejudice , enhancing the role of the media , the police and the national security units , taking measures for the protection of the groups concerned and creating a tool for evaluating tolerance . Some WCR recommendations regard issues over which the Federal Government does not have exclusive jurisdiction .
 Where appropriate , reference is made to future activities that are planned in the current UNEP programme of work for the biennium 2006-2007 . In the case of the Pacific , UNEP is currently in the process of recruiting a programme officer to strengthen UNEP delivery in the region and to ensure the coordination of activities ,   following   the example of an existing post for Caribbean small island developing States . The staff member is expected to be based at the South Pacific Regional Environment Programme -LRB- SPREP -RRB- .
 The third part foresees the revision of some legislation in order to facilitate the prosecution of aggressors and the fourth part focus on the protection of victims of violence . The last part sets a monitoring mechanism to   follow   and evaluate the implementation of the plan . The contents , themes , objectives and approaches on this issue shall begin to be tested in some institutions as from 2003 second semester .
 Various views have been expressed that an arms race in outer space does not exist at present and that it would be premature to focus attention on the weaponization of outer space . However , it is more than probable that if one State should start pursuing the weaponization of outer space , others will inevitably   follow   . If we wait for space to become weaponized before we take action , it will not be too long before we have to address the non-proliferation of weapons in outer space .
 On the issue of gender mainstreaming and gender equality in employment , he said that the same laws applied to both the public sector and the private sector . Moreover , the Government could indeed take steps to ensure that the private sector   followed   those laws . As to whether it was feasible for fathers to stay at home , he said that several thousand already did .
 Conclusions and recommendations The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative of programme 16 , Economic development in Europe , of the proposed biennial programme plan , subject to the   following   modifications : Subprogramme 1 Environment
 Together with its ratification of the conventions and treaties on weapons of mass destruction , Jordan 's active and positive role in the organizations established in connection with such weapons provides clear evidence of its concern and of its commitment to international instruments designed to strengthen security , peace and stability throughout the entire world . In short , the Jordanese viewpoint with regard to the NPT is as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- To encourage the elimination of nuclear dangers from the Middle East region , as well as commitment to the NPT and to making the region free from all weapons of mass destruction ;
 World Trade Organization The   following   non-governmental organizations attended the Meeting : General Category
 Assistance will also be provided in improving the Committee 's cooperation with the administering Powers , maintaining contacts with the representatives of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and developing relations with the organizations and agencies of the United Nations system aimed at achieving further progress in decolonization and bringing a complete end to colonialism . Supportive actions will include closely   following   the developments in the Non-Self-Governing Territories , conducting research and preparing working papers , reports and analytical and briefing materials . In addition , in cooperation with the Department of Public Information , information material , including publications and audio and visual programmes related to decolonization , will be prepared and disseminated to a wide audience , with a view to increasing the awareness of the international community with regard to the decolonization issues as well as in mobilizing international support for the achievement of the complete eradication of colonialism .
 In the circumstances of the present case , however , the distinction is not relevant . The procedure   followed   in removing Mohamed to the United States of America was unlawful whether it is characterised as a deportation or an extradition . Moreover , an obligation on the South African government to secure an assurance that the death penalty will not be imposed on a person whom it causes to be removed from South Africa to another country can not depend on whether the removal is by extradition or deportation .
 The alien whose residence permit is refused or withdrawn comes under a duty to leave with due dispatch , although he is not at that time generally subject to police measures  French law and practice frequently refer to withdrawal and refusal of residence permits as measures of `refoulement' Guy S. Goodwin-Gill , International Law and the Movement of Persons between States , Oxford , Clarendon Press , 1978 , pp. 253-254 and 254 , n . Article 33 of this convention deals with the prohibition of expulsion or return -LRB- `refoulement ' -RRB-  and provides as   follows   : 1. No Contracting State shall expel or return -LRB- `refouler ' -RRB- a refugee in any manner whatsoever to the frontiers of territories where his life or freedom would be threatened on account of his race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion .
 CCAMLR , CCSBT , IATTC , IOTC , NAFO and NEAFC indicate that they have made efforts to implement new approaches to fisheries conservation and management , especially the precautionary approach . Measures to that effect include the   following   : collecting and analysing data on target and dependent/related species and weighing up the extent and effect of uncertainties and gaps in such data before making management decisions ; limiting fleet capacity at a precautionary level ; establishing agreements , action plans/guidelines for the precautionary approach ; setting up precautionary quotas ; and requesting scientific advice on precautionary buffer zones for reference levels . CCAMLR has for many years incorporated the precautionary approach into stock assessment and decision-making .
 Results of inspections are reported to the Commission . The North-west Atlantic Fisheries Organization has established a joint inspection and surveillance scheme , 114 which includes , inter alia , surveillance , boarding and inspection procedures , procedures to deal with infringements and serious infringements , which are treated in different ways and a requirement to   follow   up on such infringements by the flag State . Serious infringements are to a great extent defined to mean the same as serious violations in article 21 -LRB- 11 -RRB- of the Agreement .
 Within that framework , Inmujeres participated in three diploma courses organized by INM to provide comprehensive training for Beta Group officials . In coordination with UNICEF , SRE and INM , between 2003 and 2004 the National Scheme for Comprehensive Family Development -LRB- SNDIF -RRB- conducted an investigation to analyse the interagency procedure   followed   with children and adolescents who are repatriated or travel unaccompanied by family relatives , in 11 border cities in five Mexican states , and the current regulations on the child migration phenomenon . The results were published in 2005 in a book entitled Migrant Children on the Northern Border : Legislation and Processes .
 Public funding for education has grown in real terms over the last few years . In 2005 , the largest allocation of public expenditure per student was assigned to higher education -LRB- 45.6 million pesos -RRB- ;   followed   by undergraduate -LRB- 20.4 million pesos -RRB- secondary -LRB- 14.5 million pesos -RRB- , technical professional -LRB- 14.2 million pesos -RRB- , preschool -LRB- 10.4 million pesos -RRB- and primary -LRB- 9.4 million pesos -RRB- . In real terms , the largest annual increase in 2005 was 1.4 per cent in basic education , while in other secondary and higher education , percentage growth rates in real terms were below 1 per cent .
 The Advisory Committee recommended that further thought should be given to the establishment of a consultative body to assist the Executive Director of UNODC with the management of both the drug programme and the crime programme .  Following   that recommendation , the Commission on Narcotic Drugs , at its reconvened forty-eighth session , in December 2005 , agreed that informal open-ended consultations would begin as soon as possible and that the Secretariat would work with Member States to facilitate exploring the possibility of setting up a formal or informal intergovernmental consultative body . The results of those consultations are to be made available to the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its fifteenth session .
 Election of the Chairperson and other officers for the ninth session of the Commission  Following   the practice established at its previous sessions , the Commission will elect a Chairperson and four Vice-Chairpersons for its tenth session . It is understood that one of the Vice-Chairpersons will also serve as Rapporteur .
 Today , donor-funded graduate studies are usually undertaken in New Zealand , Fiji , Samoa or Vanuatu .  Following   requests from aid donors scholarship awards must now ensure gender parity . Scholarships are open to the general public with notices advertised in the newspapers .
 Remittances sent by migrants and temporary workers on contract abroad to their families have greatly helped to raise the standard of living of some of the poorest sections of society in South Asia , South-East Asia and the Pacific region . Countries with high levels of underemployment and with limited opportunities for formal sector employment could   follow   the example set by the Philippines and systematically promote the temporary export of workers as part of a national development and poverty-reducing strategy . Equally , countries facing general labour shortages or shortages of people with specific skills should actively consider allowing migrant workers to work legally in their economies without fear of harassment .
 The second aims to announce and coordinate flights among centres . Navigation equipment provides aircraft with information -LRB- whether by means of radio navigation or inertial navigation -RRB- to enable them to   follow   their route . Such equipment , which can be ground-based or airborne , provides aircraft with information on their immediate position in order to help them follow a given route .
 The participants had agreed that UNIDO had a vital role to play in the development of the countries of the region . Challenges ahead concerned questions such as : how to give continuity to the consultative mechanism ; what strategy needed to be   followed   to ensure the mobilization of financial resources to support the regional cooperation activities identified ; what instruments would be used for follow-up ; and how UNIDO and GRULAC could encourage other Member States to support the initiative . Although it would not be easy for more than 20 countries to reach an agreement on priority areas , the discussion had highlighted the action that needed to be taken in the near term .
 Taiwan has no intention of changing the status quo and strongly opposes its alteration by non-peaceful means. In addition , we would like to thank the international community for its continued support of maintaining the status quo in the Taiwan Strait . Constitutional amendments also have to   follow   current constitutional procedures in that approval must be attained by three fourths of the members of the Legislative Yuan -LRB- Congress -RRB- and be confirmed through a national referendum . Any sovereignty issue that strays from constitutional proceedings not only fails to contribute to maintaining the status quo , but also should be disregarded .
 African Union , African , Caribbean and Pacific Group of States , Council of Europe , Economic Community of West African States , European Community , International Committee of the Red Cross , International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies , International Francophone Organization , International Organization for Migration , Islamic Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization , League of Arab States and the , Organization of the Islamic Conference . The United Nations system was represented as   follows   : United Nations Office at Geneva , Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations , Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights , United Nations Children 's Fund , United Nations Development Programme , United Nations , Office at Geneva , United Natiitons Population Fund , United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East , United Nations Volunteers Programme , World Food Programme and the , World Health Organization
 Reaffirming its strong commitment to the sovereignty , independence , territorial integrity and unity of Cte d'Ivoire , and recalling the importance of the principles of good neighbourliness , non-interference and regional cooperation , Recalling that it endorsed the final communiqu of the International Working Group -LRB- IWG -RRB- of 15 January 2006 , and reaffirming the mandate of the IWG to assist the Prime Minister and his government in the implementation of the roadmap it has established , and to evaluate , monitor and   follow   up closely the implementation of the peace process , in accordance with resolution 1633 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General dated 3 January 2006 -LRB- S/2006/2 -RRB- ,
  To maintain statistical information  To   follow   up on all cases that are under investigation , filed in Court or pending trial  To prepare reports on human trafficking
 According to the New Zealand Sport and Physical Activity Surveys , among the women and girls that do participate in physical activity , the most popular activities for girls were swimming , exercising , outdoor games and netball . The top sport participated in by adult women was netball   followed   by golf , tennis , equestrian and touch rugby . The two most popular active leisure activities for women were walking -LRB- participated in by 81 per cent of women -RRB- and gardening -LRB- 67 per cent -RRB- .
 As at 1 July 2005 , 16 per cent of the Defence Force 's regular forces were women . Most of the female regular force were in the Navy -LRB- 21 per cent of the total regular force were women -RRB- ,   followed   by the Airforce -LRB- 17 per cent -RRB- and Army -LRB- 14 per cent -RRB- . Other For women in the judiciary see Article 7 .
 ESCWA was merely following its mandate and had in the past requested information on the matter from the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- ; it had received none . If delegations wanted more information on the issue in future reports , ESCWA would   follow   whatever mandate it was given ; at present , it depended on information provided by United Nations entities working on the spot . The Chairperson invited the Committee to engage in a general discussion on the item .
 It also affirmed that it would continue to support Lebanon and contribute to reconstruction in the context of the joint Arab effort , as discussed by the Arab Ministers for Foreign Affairs at their meeting on Lebanese reconstruction held in Cairo on 20 August 2006 . The Council called on the international community to continue its efforts and earnest endeavours to see that steps achieved so far are   followed   up by other practical and more comprehensive steps to ensure that the foundations of a permanent , comprehensive and just peace are laid in the Middle East . The Ministerial Council commended the decisions by both the Republic of Costa Rica and the Republic of El Salvador to close their embassies in the city of Jerusalem in conformity with internationally recognized resolutions , particularly Security Council resolution 478 -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , which called upon the States of the world to withdraw their embassies from the Holy City .
 The main difference is whether all or merely some qualified suppliers should or may be admitted to the framework agreement . In the EU , for example , article 32 -LRB- 2 -RRB- of Directive 2004/18/EC provides procuring entities shall   follow   the rules of procedure referred to in this Directive for all phases up to the award of contracts based on that framework agreement . The parties to the framework agreement shall be chosen by applying the award criteria set in accordance with Article 53. This provision implies that the procuring entity may not admit all compliant suppliers to the framework , regardless of the number , but must make a selection based on the award criteria .
 The publication provides an introduction of concepts such as innovation and best practices by presenting several different definitions . More importantly , it sets out to examine the process of innovation while noting that intangible factors , such as the will of the stakeholders involved and leadership , are needed to   follow   this process through . Compendium of best practices : innovations in the public sector
 The following specialized agencies were represented : Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations , the International Monetary Fund , World Bank and the World Trade Organization . The   following   intergovernmental organization was represented : African Union . The following non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council were represented :
 International Federation of Rural Adult Catholic Movement . The   following   academic institution was represented : Tilburg University . E. Documentation
 Burundi and Guinea-Bissau have organized presidential and parliamentary elections during the period under review . The groups   followed   the situation during the campaign and the elections themselves . However , as donors tended to adopt a wait and see approach to the outcome of the elections , no major input was expected from the groups .
 In the case of Burundi , the recommendations made by the Group in its initial report on the need to consolidate the peace process and to promote stability have now been largely implemented . Other recommendations relating to poverty alleviation have also been   followed   up , such as the need to facilitate universal access to education , including by waiving fees for indigent children . The call made by the groups for donor support to Burundi at the Forum of Development Partners held in Brussels in January 2004 was also well received and followed by consistent pledges .
 In subparagraph -LRB- d -RRB- replace the word fifth by regular two-week ; and after the word views delete the words and vision ; Replace subparagraph -LRB- f -RRB- with the   following   : Requests the Intergovernmental Working Group on the effective implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action to reconvene for one week at the earliest possible date to consider the report by the Five Experts and to develop recommendations on the modalities to take forward the work on complementary standards ;
 A similar political commitment was made by the members of the Collective Security Treaty Organization . We repeat our call on all States that have military space capability to   follow   our example . We believe that the time has come to review the entire range of confidence-building measures in outer space from a modern viewpoint and update the proposals on this issue that were elaborated at the United Nations during the beginning of the 1990s .
 They each joined the national forces to establish intergovernmental political bodies in order to prevent similar disasters from happening again . The Council of Europe 's ten founding States  Turkey was one of them , Switzerland then again needed a little bit more time    followed   the founders of the United Nations four years later . But they took from the beginning the common introductory reference to our respective founding charters more seriously .
 UNICEF provides broad-based support to literacy at country level that varies by region , type of assistance and target groups . The largest number of UNICEF country offices reporting on literacy are to be found in the eastern and southern Africa region ,   followed   by the Middle East and North Africa and then by west and central Africa . Four countries reported in East Asia and the Pacific , four in South Asia and one in central and eastern Europe/the Commonwealth of Independent States .
 As colleagues will know , this brings us now to only 10 States that remain of the annex II States that have not yet signed or ratified that very crucial instrument in terms of international non-proliferation and disarmament activity . I would urge those other States to   follow   rapidly the good example Viet Nam has given recently . The PRESIDENT : I thank the representative of Canada for his statement and for his kind words addressed to the Chair .
 Commends those donors that have provided support to Burundi , and calls for rapid disbursement of funds committed at the fourth Forum of Burundi 's Development Partners , held in Brussels on 13 and 14 January 2004 ; Requests the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi to continue to   follow   closely the humanitarian situation and economic and social conditions , to examine the transition from relief to development in Burundi and the way in which the international community supports the process and to report , as appropriate , to the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 2005 ; Decides to consider the reports of the Advisory Group at its substantive session of 2005 , requests that the report of the Group to that session describe , inter alia , how the Group has fulfilled its mandate , and decides also to hold a discussion on the work of the Group and on how it has fulfilled its mandate ;
 Committee for Programme and Coordination The Council nominated the   following   eighteen Member States for election by the General Assembly for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2006 : Argentina , Armenia , Belarus , Benin , Brazil , Bulgaria , Central African Republic , Cuba , India , Indonesia , Iran -LRB- Islamic Republic of -RRB- , Italy , Pakistan , Portugal , Senegal , South Africa , United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and Uruguay . The Council postponed the nomination of two members from Western European and other States for election by the General Assembly for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2006 .
 Encourages the Burundian authorities to continue to cooperate with the Secretary-General , including for the establishment of the mechanisms referred to in Council resolution 1606 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- ; Calls upon the Burundian authorities , in their investigations into the alleged attempt to perpetrate a coup d'Etat , to   follow   due process and to respect the guarantees provided for by law and its international obligations ; Expresses its deep concern at reports of continuing human rights violations , and urges the Government to investigate all such reports , take the necessary steps to prevent further violations and to ensure that those responsible for such violations are brought to justice ;
 These are just a few examples of what the United States is doing to help make space safer and more productive for all States . The international community should   follow   the example of the United States and explore additional ways to cooperate . Our new national space policy recognizes the importance of international cooperation and continues to emphasize its importance .
 FICSA pointed out that NPOs had complained of disputes over remuneration , including in dysfunctional economies , and of no or limited career prospects . Although some organizations facilitated NPOs moving to the category of internationally recruited Professional staff , FICSA stressed that when this occurred , it was important that proper recruitment and selection procedures were   followed   . Friction was also cited between NPOs and internationally recruited staff and between NPOs and GS staff , such as perceptions of performing the same functions at different levels of pay and prestige .
 We are convinced that our draft resolution would facilitate the reform of the Council 's working methods . We will continue to   follow   this question closely together with our partners , while keeping open the option of asking the General Assembly to take action on our draft resolution . Mr. Spatafora -LRB- Italy -RRB- : I wish to join my colleagues in thanking you , Sir , for this opportunity to , we hope , be able to advance the agenda of United Nations reform , including comprehensive reform of the Security Council .
 Many people from neighbouring countries eg. India , Tibet/China , Bangladesh , Bhutan , Burma and others have taken refuge in Nepal from time immemorial . Among them , the issue of Bhutanese refugees is paramount   followed   by Tibetan refugees . Bhutanese Refugees
 The drafting group , which was established by the co-Chairpersons to continue negotiations on the draft resolution on the Assembly 's revitalization , met on 26 , 28 and 31 July , and 3 and 8 August 2006 under the chairmanship of Mexico ; on 22 , 23 and 25 August 2006 under the chairmanship of New Zealand ; and on 1 and September 2006 under the chairmanship of Canada .  Following   the conclusion of the drafting group 's deliberations , the Working Group adopted its report and draft resolution on 5 September At its 99th plenary meeting , the Assembly adopted its resolution 60/ on the revitalization of the General Assembly , which contains , in the annex , the resolution adopted by the Working Group . Annex
 -LRB- a -RRB- That the States parties , in preparing reports under article 18 of the Convention , should follow the general guidelines adopted in August 1983 -LRB- CEDAW/C/7 -RRB- as to the form , content and date of reports ; -LRB- b -RRB- That the States parties should   follow   the general recommendation adopted in 1986 in these terms : Initial reports submitted under article 18 of the Convention should cover the situation up to the date of submission .
 In terms of individual compliance , most Article 5 Parties were on track for achieving the 20 per cent reduction in methyl bromide required by 2005 , and only 22 Article 5 Parties have methyl bromide consumption of over 25 tonnes . If it were possible for those countries to   follow   the reduction path of most non-Article 5 Parties , it might be possible for them to achieve further cost-effective reductions through the effective application of reduced dosages of methyl bromide or of mixtures with increased concentrations of chloropicrin . The timing of further reductions and the eventual phase-out are likely to be dependent on the registration status of efficacious alternatives and the extent to which firms choose not to import products treated with methyl bromide .
 What operational and monitoring measures exist to ensure that licensees comply with the provisions of the Act ? All Corporate Services Providers -LRB- CSP 's -RRB- , licensed under the International Corporate Service Providers Act 2003 , are required to put in place the necessary control systems that ensure all KYC requirements are undertaken and   followed   up at all times . Money Laundering is prevented , clients assets/information is safeguarded and all other compliance requirements prescribed under the Act are enforced .
 The list of items of which the Security Council is seized is contained in documents S/2006/10 of 1 March 2006 , S/2006/10/Add.12 of 7 April 2006 , S/2006/10/Add.15 of 28 April 2006 , S/2006/10/Add.16 of 5 May 2006 , S/2006/10/Add.21 of 9 June 2006 , S/2006/10/Add.24 of 30 June 2006 , S/2006/10/Add.27 of 21 July 2006 , S/2006/10/Add.31 of 18 August 2006 , S/2006/10/Add.36 of 22 September 2006 , S/2006/10/Add.40 of 20 October 2006 and S/2006/10/Add.47 of 8 December 2006 . During the week ending 16 December 2006 , the Security Council took action on the   following   items : The situation concerning Iraq -LRB- see S/2005/15/Add.21 , 23 , 24 , 31 , 35 , 37 , 44 and 49 ; and S/2006/10/Add.6 , 10 , 20 , 23 , 31 , 36 and 47 -RRB-
 Article 42 The United Nations , its bodies , including the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues , and specialized agencies , including at the country level , and States shall promote respect for and full application of the provisions of this Declaration and   follow   up the effectiveness of this Declaration . Article 43
 In making these corrections , the secretariat applied its final proposed guidelines for match confirmation procedures and for determining and allocating overpayments as further directed by the Governing Council at its last session . Recommendations for corrections to category A claims included in this section comprise the   following   kinds of corrections : duplicate claims , higher to lower amounts and family to individual . Duplicate claims
 Humanitarian assistance is aimed at relieving immediate suffering only , and therefore ensuring all of this should be relatively easier . The report appears to project the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement as standards for countries to   follow   . The Guiding Principles were developed on the basis of experience of massive displacement in war and conflict situations .
 The results of this assignment were reported in June 2004 . These routines and guidelines are to show , for example , how restraining orders are to be   followed   up , how and what information is to be given to the parties involved and what measures are to be undertaken if the person to be protected by the restraining order reports that a violation of the order has taken place . The Government 's ambition is that in some cases restraining orders will be able to be combined with electronic monitoring .
 The findings , which were reported in April 2005 , revealed that there were a number of shortcomings , including how questions regarding counsel for the injured party were handled . A number of measures have since been undertaken to improve the quality of criminal investigations and ensure that the rules for counsel for injured parties are   followed   . Among other things , the National Police Board and the Swedish Prosecution Authority carried out a hearing in 2005 on how rape investigations can be improved .
 Among other things , the National Police Board and the Swedish Prosecution Authority carried out a hearing in 2005 on how rape investigations can be improved . The Development Centre in Gothenburg has been tasked with   following   up the development work and furthermore taking the initiatives that the report indicates may be necessary . New inspections will take place in 2006 .
 The state 's ownership policy prescribes that state-owned companies are to be role models in gender equality work , and the Government sees it as an ongoing and important task to utilise the competencies represented by women and men , not least in appointments at senior level . These are   followed   up annually through the companies ' reports to the Government and Riksdag . Developments are proceeding much more slowly in private enterprise .
 Pending the holding of run-off parliamentary elections in those localities where either the electoral process was disrupted or appeals were upheld , 27 out of 30 Senators and 88 out of 99 Deputies were duly elected and sworn in on 9 May . Lespwa , President Prval 's coalition , won 11 seats in the Senate ,   followed   by the Organisation du peuple en lutte with 4 . With 20 seats , Lespwa also leads in the House of Deputies , followed by Fusion with 15 seats .
 Lespwa , President Prval 's coalition , won 11 seats in the Senate , followed by the Organisation du peuple en lutte with 4 . With 20 seats , Lespwa also leads in the House of Deputies ,   followed   by Fusion with 15 seats . Four Senators and two Deputies are women .
 There is a range of transparency measures that can contribute to the prevention of MANPADS ending up in unauthorized hands . One is the inclusion of the ban on transfers to non-State actors in Member States ' national legislation ,   following   the resolution I just mentioned . Another is contributing to the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms by actively providing precise information and consulting it when relevant .
 The Committee notes that the UNICEF secretariat is seeking approval by the Executive Board of a supplementary appropriation of $ 13.4 million to cover the additional costs in the 2006-2007 biennial support budget associated with the need to strengthen capacities for crisis management and operations continuity in the event of a pandemic crisis and to protect staff health , safety and security . As indicated in the report , the proposal is being made   following   the Secretary-General 's system-wide directive for a review of contingency plans and assessment of existing capacities to sustain operations , maintain critical programmes and protect staff health , safety and security in the event of a human influenza pandemic . The Advisory Committee points out that any plan to be worked out by UNICEF should form a part of and be consistent with the system-wide comprehensive plan being developed under the leadership of the Secretary-General .
 The proposed resources for operational costs for the Office amount to $ 856 , 600 . The increase , as compared to the provision for 2006 of $ 491 , 900 , takes into account requirements related to the proposed additional posts as well as requirements to purchase armoured vehicles   following   recommendations of the Department of Safety and Security and higher costs under facilities and infrastructure and communications resulting from the relocation of the Office away from the premises of the Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia . The Advisory Committee has no objection to the resources proposed .
 Consideration of a draft decision proposed by the Chairman At its 48th meeting , on 17 November , on the proposal of the Chairman , the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that it take note of the   following   documents -LRB- see para . -LRB- a -RRB- Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on the status of the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Indigenous Populations -LRB- A/61/376 -RRB- ;
 Such reports inform on achievements during the given period and recommend adjustments to , or extensions of , mandates , as appropriate . The progress reports are of a narrative nature and although they describe achievements in different areas within a given operation they do not   follow   a results approach , they are not factual enough and there is no reference in these reports to the specific RBB framework of the subject operation . In the view of the Inspectors , the progress report is a monitoring tool and , as such , it should reflect progress against the established objectives and expected accomplishments included in the RBB frameworks .
 Mr. Biabaorroh-Iboro -LRB- Congo -RRB- -LRB- spoke in French -RRB- : My delegation wishes to thank Mr. Pronk for his comprehensive and enlightening briefing . We are grateful to the Secretary-General for submitting to the Council the report before us -LRB- S/2006/728 -RRB- , which makes it possible to   follow   the implementation of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the fulfilment of the mandate of the United Nations Mission in the Sudan -LRB- UNMIS -RRB- as envisaged in resolution 1590 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . Although the report indicates that some progress has been made , it raises many worrisome issues .
 The Committee recommends that the State party 's reports be made readily available to the public at the time of their submission , in the main languages spoken in the State party , including minority languages , and that the observations of the Committee with respect to these reports be similarly publicized . The State party should within one year provide information on the way it has   followed   up on the Committee 's recommendations contained in paragraphs 273 , 277 and 278 above , pursuant to paragraph 1 of rule 65 of the Committee 's rules of procedure . The Committee recommends that the State party submit its eighth periodic report jointly with its ninth periodic report , in a single report , by 20 November 2008 , and that it address all points raised in the present concluding observations .
 The Committee wishes to encourage the State party to ratify the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families as well as the ILO Indigenous and Tribal Peoples Convention , No. 169 . The State party should , within one year , provide information on the way it has   followed   up on the Committee 's recommendations contained in paragraphs 390 , 392 , 397 and 403 above , pursuant to paragraph 1 of rule 65 of the Committee 's rules of procedure . The Committee recommends that the State party submit its fourth periodic report jointly with its fifth and sixth periodic reports in a single report by 9 January 2010 , and that it address all points raised in the present concluding observations .
 -LRB- a -RRB- Further develop the Consultative Task Force -LRB- CTF -RRB- on Environmental Requirements and Market Access for Developing Countries , as a project-based activity , and encourage interested member States to participate actively in relevant country- and sector-specific CTF activities ; -LRB- b -RRB- Strengthen its work under the BioTrade Initiative , in particular national BioTrade Programmes , and   follow   up partnerships launched at the World Summit on Sustainable Development and at UNCTAD XI to promote trade , export diversification and investment in biotrade ; -LRB- c -RRB- Assist developing countries to make use of the trade and investment opportunities arising from the Kyoto Protocol , including the Clean Development Mechanism -LRB- CDM -RRB- , as a project-based activity ;
 Oil and gas accounted for 71 per cent of the total FDI stock in extractive industries -LRB- and for 84 per cent with FDI in supporting activities to extraction -RRB- -LRB- figure -RRB- . Within mining , FDI in copper , nickel , lead and zinc was the largest , accounting for 36 per cent of such FDI ,   followed   by gold and silver -LRB- 25 per cent -RRB- . Table 1. United States FDI stock in extractive industries , 1966-2005
 In this respect , I wish to draw the Assembly 's attention to the decision of the Eritrea-Ethiopia Claims Commission regarding issues of liability in the war between the two countries . In its decision , the Commission set forth , inter alia , the   following   conclusions . First , Eritrea is liable for committing unprovoked aggression against Ethiopia .
 It is important that the system take into account the rights of the grantor , other persons with a right in the encumbered assets and the grantor 's other creditors . Many systems impose , as a general and overriding matter , a requirement that the secured creditor in enforcing its rights must act in good faith and   follow   commercially reasonable standards . Because of the importance of this obligation , the secured creditor and the grantor may not agree at any time to waive or vary this obligation .
 Introduction The Committee commends the State party for its succession to the Convention without reservations and expresses its appreciation to the State party for its combined initial , second and third periodic report , which was informative and   followed   the Committee 's guidelines for the preparation of reports , while regretting that it was overdue and that it did not state whether the Committee 's general recommendations had been taken into account . It also commends the State party for the responses to the list of issues and questions posed by the Committee 's pre-session working group , the oral presentation that placed the report within the complex political and administrative context of the country , and for the responses to the questions posed orally by the Committee .
 Since my visit , there has been no official response from the Government to my report . A number of encouraging reforms have , however , been pursued   following   the findings of the Goodluck Commission established in the wake of the killing of the Apo 6 that immediately preceded my visit . According to reports these include the establishment of a Presidential Commission on police reform in Nigeria , revitalization of the forensic and fingerprinting capacities of the Nigeria Police , the payment of compensation to the victims of police killing in the Apo case and the prosecution of police officers for the killings .
 The follow-up actions agreed at the 2005 World Summit should be carried further . Existing mechanisms should be strengthened and consideration should be given to the establishment of effective mechanisms to monitor , review and   follow   up the implementation of the social and economic goals of major United Nations conferences and summits . There was no need to renegotiate the Monterrey Consensus .
 The average age of students is 19 . Most of them , about 70 % , are between 15 and 19 years of age ,   followed   by those between 20 and 24 years of age -LRB- 20 % -RRB- and those over the age of 25 years -LRB- 10 % -RRB- . The numbers of students in other age groups vary , the oldest ones being 55 years old .
 The various stages of planning and implementation of the destruction of the aforementioned arms and explosives incorporated a number of measures for preventing environmental damage . To safeguard against possible accidents during the transport , handling and destruction of explosive materials , relevant national legislation , specifically the Act and Regulations on the Control and Regulation of Arms , Munitions , Explosives and Related Items , was   followed   . Accordingly , the detonations were carried out at military training sites where munitions have regularly been destroyed , so that only land that had already suffered an environmental impact was used .
 -LSB- Original : Arabic -RSB- -LSB- 3 May 2006 -RSB- Ample evidence of this is provided by the numerous measures adopted by the Jordanian State in connection with the observance of environmental norms in agreements on disarmament and arms control. The most important of these measures are as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- A list of dual-use chemical substances -LRB- which could be involved in the manufacture of proscribed weapons -RRB- is currently being compiled by the technical committee on the management of hazardous substances established pursuant to the Environmental Protection Act of 2003 .
 By its decision 1/COP.5 , the COP decided to establish the Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention -LRB- CRIC -RRB- as a subsidiary body of the COP to assist it in regularly reviewing the implementation of the Convention .  Following   decision 11/COP.1 on communication of information , and in accordance with decision 9/COP.7 on the programme of work of CRIC 5 , the Committee at its fifth session will review the reports on implementation by affected country Parties of regions other than Africa , including Asia and the Pacific . In accordance with provisions of decisions 11/COP.1 and 1/COP.5 , the secretariat prepared the following documentation for review at CRIC 5 :
 Israeli elections were held two days ago . According to provisional results , the new Kadima party , led by Acting Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , emerged with 28 seats in the Knesset ,   followed   by Labour with 20 seats , Shas with 13 , Yisrael Beiteinu with 12 and Likud with 11 . The remaining seats were shared by smaller parties .
 If that project is completed , the city will be effectively cut off from the rest of the West Bank , at the risk of crushing the Palestinians ' aspirations to establish the capital of their future State in East Jerusalem . Moreover , the Committee has closely   followed   the Israeli strategy in the Jordan Valley . According to a report issued in October 2005 by the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , the Valley is becoming increasingly inaccessible to Palestinians living in the larger West Bank , unless they hold an identity card indicating an address in the north of the Valley .
 I also thank all delegations for their full cooperation and support in utilizing the time and facilities allocated to the First Committee in a truly efficient manner . It is my firm belief that the First Committee has again set the benchmark for all other Committees to   follow   in terms of its effective management of time and efficient use of conference facilities , particularly in connection with the use of the rolling list of speakers for the general debate and the interactive discussions that the Committee held . I would like to express my sincere appreciation to my fellow Bureau members : the three Vice-Chairpersons , Mr. Andy Rachmianto of Indonesia , Mr. Federico Perazza of Uruguay and Mr. Botjan Malovrh of Slovenia , and our Rapporteur , Mr. Abdelhamid Gharbi of Tunisia .
 The law should provide that , if a security right is effective against third parties , the security right continues in the encumbered assets in the hands of a third party except as provided in recommendations 82 , 83 and 84 . -LSB- Note to the Working Group : The Working Group may wish to note that this recommendation is designed to state the rule that the secured creditor may   follow   the asset in the hands of a transferee -LRB- droit de suite , a rule stated somewhat differently in recommendation 32. -RSB- The law should provide that :
 A contingency liability of $ 1.3 million -LRB- subject to actuarial valuation , which was still pending as of 15 May 2006 -RRB- representing roughly the present value of the costs of after-service health insurance that would be incurred by the Organization as at 31 December 2005 , is shown under note 16 .  Following   a recommendation made by the Board in its previous report , the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime participated in the United Nations-sponsored actuarial valuations of the contingent liabilities under the after-service health insurance programme for its extrabudgetary trust funds . However , Headquarters informed the Office on 17 April 2006 that , because of issues emanating from census data submissions , the valuation would be resubmitted after the data had been reviewed .
 The latter is particularly the case for the Latin American countries that would qualify for MDRI , but also for countries with debt stocks with the Caribbean or the Asian Development Bank . Ongoing discussions amongst donors whether other selected multilateral development banks will join the initiative have to be closely   followed   . Benefits for participating countries have been reduced from initially envisaged levels through the definition of cut-off dates , i.e. the date up to which debt is cancelled .
 These included : ILO , IOM , ALO , UN/AIDS , UNDP , UNICEF , ICMPO , ARLAC , OATUU , Vatican , ICRC , Pan-African Youth Organization , and FAO . In addition the   following   organizations working in the field of migration in the Diaspora attended the meeting : African Federation of Women Entrepreneurs -LRB- AFWE -RRB- , The Foundation for Democracy in Africa , and African Foundation for Development -LRB- AFFORD -RRB- . At the end of the meeting the delegates adopted a Draft African Common Position on Migration and Development which covers a number of areas including Migration and Development , Human Resources and the Brain Drain , Remittances , Trade , Migration and Peace , Security and Stability , Migration and Human Rights , Gender , Regional Initiatives and Access to Social Services but to mention a few .
 The Forum welcomes such an initiative , which was organized by the UNICEF Regional Office for Latin America and the Caribbean jointly with indigenous peoples , and recommends that all States and United Nations organizations in that region take concrete actions to implement the issues proclaimed in the declaration . The Permanent Forum welcomes the expansion of the consultative indigenous group established by UNICEF in Latin America and the Caribbean to other United Nations organizations in the region   following   the recommendation of the Inter-Agency Support Group on Indigenous Issues and encourages the establishment of such consultative groups in other regions and at the country level . The Permanent Forum urges United Nations organizations , non-governmental organizations , States and other supportive organizations to facilitate , support and fund local , regional and international youth activities and other upcoming training workshops and forums .
 In addition to the audit of the accounts and financial transactions , the Board carried out reviews of Fund operations under financial regulation 7.5 . The General Assembly had also requested the Board to   follow   up on previous recommendations and to report to it accordingly . Those matters are addressed in paragraphs 7 to 9 below .
 Asia is expected to continue to mobilize the largest amount of financial resources in both 2005 and 2006 . The pattern remains unchanged from 2004-2006 : Latin America and the Caribbean is expected to mobilize the second largest amount of funds ,   followed   by sub-Saharan Africa , Western Asia and Northern Africa , and Eastern and Southern Europe . Approximately 21 per cent of all domestic expenditures for population are spent on STDs/HIV/AIDS , with Latin America and the Caribbean and sub-Saharan Africa spending about three quarters and just over two thirds of their funds , respectively , on AIDS .
 Progress in the implementation of the activities in part B of the work plan in annex I to decision RC-2/4 The present chapter reports on progress made in the implementation of the technical assistance activities set out in part B of the annex to decision RC-2/4 . The chapter is organized to   follow   the order in which specific actions are listed in the annex . A key contribution to working with partners in the implementation of the Convention has been the development and distribution of a resource kit .
 Namibia attached great importance to the participation of women in the conflict resolution processes , including peacekeeping operations . Namibia had gradually increased the number of women deployed as peacekeepers and hoped that other troop-contributing countries would   follow   suit , since women added value through their differential approach and reaction to situations . However , it was of utmost importance that an environment conducive to the participation of women be created .
 The words in draft article 41 -LRB- a -RRB- -LRB- i -RRB- : the carrier can show that it seem to contradict the burden of proof rule in draft article 42 -LRB- c -RRB- where it is for the party claiming that the carrier did not act in good faith to prove this . In an effort to overcome these problems , we suggest the   following   revised text for draft article 41 : Article 41. Qualifying the description and weight of the goods in the contract particulars
 In that connection , visiting missions were very successful in achieving the objectives of General Assembly resolution 1514 -LRB- XV -RRB- and must be carried out on a regular basis . Cuba wished to acknowledge New Zealand 's open and cooperative stance and urged other administering Powers to   follow   its example . The Special Committee had adopted a resolution recognizing the inalienable right of the Puerto Rican people to self-determination and independence .
 During 2005 , some 136 , 000 people became refugees as a result of mass outflows . Togo was the main source of new refugee displacement in 2005 , with 39 , 000 refugees fleeing the country ,   followed   by refugees from the Sudan -LRB- 34 , 000 -RRB- and the Democratic Republic of the Congo -LRB- 16 , 000 -RRB- . Those figures do not include the 4.3 million Palestinian refugees registered by the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East -LRB- UNRWA -RRB- .
 Conclusions and recommendations The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the programme narrative of programme 27 , Safety and security , of the proposed biennial programme plan , subject to the   following   modification : Subprogramme 1
 -LRB- vi -RRB- What other measures are taken to ensure the implementation of these principles ? For the purpose of ensuring that these principles are applied and that any person violating the international law of armed conflict does not go unpunished but is prosecuted , the   following   rules and regulations set out areas of jurisdiction and define offences : Act No. 10/1996 of 23 November 1996 , by means of which the Criminal Code was adopted .
 The first reflects the small share of renewable energy sources in countries ' overall energy supply . The second is the importance of hydro energy ,   followed   by biomass energy , as principal sources . Consumption of renewable energies occurs mainly in the residential sector , followed by industry , and lastly by farming .
 In the area of human and environmental affairs , the Ministerial Council took cognizance of the domestic measures and mechanisms adopted by member States for the implementation of the decision of the Supreme Council concerning the extension of insurance protection to nationals of GCC States working outside their countries . Owing to the desire on the part of the Ministerial Council to strengthen social insurance systems and support civil retirement systems in the GCC countries , the Financial and Economic Cooperation Committee was charged with   following   up on the proposal for the establishment of a joint investment fund for civil retirement and social insurance systems among the GCC States . The Ministerial Council also considered the steps taken by way of follow-up to the decisions of the Supreme Council concerning education and expressed its satisfaction at the role assumed by the scout movement among the youth in the GCC countries and its contributions to volunteer and humanitarian work both within the GCC States and elsewhere .
 -LRB- c -RRB- Improvement in the procurement action review and approval process HCC is an advisory body which reviews procurement proposals in excess of $ 200 , 000 to ensure that the appropriate processes and procedures are   followed   . One of the actions taken in that area , following an earlier OIOS recommendation , is to transfer the organizational reporting line of the HCC secretariat to the Office of the Under-Secretary-General for Management to eliminate any perceived conflict of interest with the previous reporting line whereby the secretariat of the HCC reported to the Office of Central Support Service , which is one of the major requisitioning offices within the Secretariat .
 They called upon all States and international Organisations to provide all kinds of support and assistance to meet the Iraqi needs and to facilitate contributions and efforts designated to reactivate its organisational bodies , economic institutions and infrastructure . Thus , they welcomed the commitment of the Paris Club to substantially reduce Iraq 's sovereign debts and urged the other creditors to   follow   suit . The Heads of State or Government affirmed and asserted their determination to respect Iraq sovereignty , condemn any external interference in Iraq 's internal affairs regardless of the excuse or pretext .
 In preparation for the eighteenth session of Working Group III -LRB- Transport Law -RRB- , the Government of Sweden submitted to the Secretariat the document attached hereto as an annex with respect to shipper 's liability for delay in the draft convention on the carriage of goods -LSB- wholly or partly -RSB- -LSB- by sea -RSB- . The Swedish delegation advised that ,   following   the consideration of the topic of the shipper 's liability for delay by the Working Group during its seventeenth session -LRB- see A/CN.9/594 , paras. 199 to 207 -RRB- , the document was intended to facilitate consideration of the topic in the Working Group at its eighteenth session . The document in the attached annex is reproduced in the form in which it was received by the Secretariat .
 Whereas the Regulations of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund and the Pension Scheme Rules of the Council of Europe authorize the conclusion of such agreements with other international organizations and with the Governments of member States for the transfer and continuity of such rights ; It has been agreed as   follows   : Article 1 Definitions
 Vision My vision is one of Member States and Secretariat working together , on the   following   terms : -LRB- a -RRB- Workable decision-making processes .
 The plane which crash-landed had on board 2 , 000 kg of cassiterite , when it should only have been carrying 1 , 400 kg , and it also had passengers in the same compartment . From the outset no one checked that the rules were being   followed   , which it was the responsibility of the State to do . Security threats to the natural resource sector
 Working in consultation with dedicated conduct and discipline personnel at Headquarters , the Conduct and Discipline Units in the field will assist mission leadership in putting in place measures to prevent misconduct and to enforce United Nations standards of conduct . The Units will receive complaints of misconduct , monitor allegations and investigations and   follow   up actions taken in individual cases of misconduct in the missions . As part of its commitment to the implementation of the comprehensive strategy on sexual exploitation and abuse , the Department of Peacekeeping Operations will request resources in the individual 2006/07 budgets for the establishment of Conduct and Discipline Units in 13 ongoing peacekeeping missions .
 This led to the return of nearly 300 Rwandan combatants and their dependants , and the surrender and destruction of weapons . At the same time , according to reports received by MONUC , the FDLR President , Ignace Murwanashyaka , entered the north-eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo via Entebbe late in September 2005 , apparently to forestall what he feared would be an attempt by FDLR units in northern North Kivu to   follow   Amani 's lead . However Murwanashyaka 's options became limited following the subsequent appearance of his name on the list issued by the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1533 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , as well as the expiry of the 30 September 2005 deadline set by the Tripartite Plus Commission for the voluntary entry of FDLR into disarmament , demobilization , repatriation , resettlement and reintegration .
 In 2006 , ITU will hold the fourth consultation meeting for administrations operating or planning to operate the Radio Navigation Satellite Service -LRB- RNSS -RRB- systems . Such consultation meetings have been held since 2003 ,   following   the agreement of the World Radiocommunication Conference on the frequency allocation and sharing criteria for satellite systems in RNSS . In order to achieve the level of protection for aeronautical radio-navigation service systems , the level of equivalent power-flux density produced by all space stations of the RNSS systems was determined and agreed upon during the 2005 consultation meeting .
 -LRB- d -RRB- any additional items , materials , equipment , goods and technology , determined as necessary by the Security Council or the Committee established by paragraph 18 below -LRB- herein the Committee -RRB- , which could contribute to enrichment-related , or reprocessing , or heavy water-related activities , or to the development of nuclear weapon delivery systems ; Decides that all States shall take the necessary measures to prevent the supply , sale or transfer directly or indirectly from their territories , or by their nationals or using their flag vessels or aircraft to , or for the use in or benefit of , Iran , and whether or not originating in their territories , of the   following   items , materials , equipment , goods and technology : -LRB- a -RRB- those set out in INFCIRC/254/Rev.7/Part2 of document S/2006/814 if the State determines that they would contribute to enrichment-related , reprocessing or heavy water-related activities ;
 The session was also attended by observers from the following intergovernmental organizations : the Caribbean Community secretariat , the European Commission , the Inter-American Center of Tax Administration -LRB- CIAT -RRB- , the International Bureau of Fiscal Documentation , the International Monetary Fund -LRB- IMF -RRB- , the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development -LRB- OECD -RRB- , the Southern African Development Community and the Economic Commission for Europe . The session was also attended by observers from other entities as   follows   : Associao Comercial de So Paulo , the International Chamber of Commerce , the International Union for Land-Value Taxation and Free Trade , the Tax Justice Network and the Visiting International Faculty Program . The following participants also attended the session in their personal capacity : Philip Baker , Jon E. Bischel , Frank L. Brunetti , David Davies , Ghislain T. J. Joseph , Michael J. McIntyre , Toshio Miyatake , Hans Pijl , Francisco Alfredo Garcia Prats , Dhaval Sanghavi , Ned Shelton and David E. Spencer .
 Chairmen of regional groups The   following   information regarding the chairmanship of the regional groups for the month of October 2006 has been communicated to the Secretariat : Eastern European States : Bosnia and Herzegovina H.E. Mr. Milo Prica
 There is therefore a need for the international community to proceed from monitoring and reporting to response . The Security Council should call on parties to   follow   up on its strong call for parties to prepare concrete , time-bound action plans . The Security Council should also consider measures against parties that systematically commit grave violations of children 's rights .
 Subsequent to the meeting , a statement was made to the press by the Security Council President in which he , inter alia , conveyed the concerns of the members of the Council about the reports of a possible coup attempt in Burundi and the subsequent arrest of political leaders . The Council members encouraged the Government of Burundi to   follow   the due process of the law during its investigations of the alleged coup attempt . They further called on the Government and all parties in Burundi to preserve peace and national reconciliation and to promote social concord in that country .
 Violations of the obligation to protect Violations of the obligation to protect   follow   from the failure of a State to take all necessary measures to safeguard authors within their jurisdiction from infringements of their moral and material interests by third parties . C. Violations of the obligation to fulfil
 Issues for consideration by the Conference of the Parties The Conference of the Parties is invited to consider the possible options identified below , and , as appropriate , adopt a decision on the currency or currencies to be used , taking into consideration the possible implications for the financial rules . The Conference of the Parties may wish to consider the   following   options outlined by the Secretariat . Retain the status quo : the Rotterdam Convention fully bears the currency risk from its operations
 The purpose of an expanded presence would be to achieve the MDGs and other development objectives . We call on the United Nations to recognize our urgent needs and to act with certainty ,   following   a realistic timetable . My delegation believes that good governance yields good returns for all people .
 Of the estimated population of 3.2 million , Liberia 's total labour force in 2004 , as recorded by the Ministry of Labour , stood at 541 , 862 . Of this , the formal sector registered 121 , 862 , with government being the largest employer , accounting for 57 per cent ,   followed   by agriculture at 14 per cent . The informal sector -LRB- petty trading -RRB- recorded 420 , 000 or 77.5 per cent of the total labour force .
 The following United Nations bodies were represented at the session : Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights -LRB- OHCHR -RRB- , United Nations Children 's Fund -LRB- UNICEF -RRB- and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees -LRB- UNHCR -RRB- . The   following   specialized agencies were also represented at the session : International Labour Organization -LRB- ILO -RRB- , United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization -LRB- UNESCO -RRB- and the World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- . Representatives of the following non-governmental organizations also attended the session :
 The Committee welcomes the submission of the State party 's initial comprehensive report , as well as the submission of the replies to the list of issues -LRB- CRC/C/OPSA/ITA/Q/1 -RRB- . However , the Committee notes with regret that the State party 's report does not   follow   closely the guidelines for reporting . The Committee notes the presence of a high-level delegation and appreciates the frank and constructive dialogue .
 Integrated and complex missions The Advisory Committee welcomes and is closely   following   the continued development of the integrated mission concept . The Committee has called for special attention to be paid to the relationship between the role of the United Nations and the role of other agencies and organizations -LRB- both within and outside the United Nations system -RRB- in peacekeeping missions , including the leadership that the United Nations should exercise .
 Evaluation of gender mainstreaming in UNDP .  Following   a request from the Executive Board at its second regular session , 2002 , this evaluation focused on UNDP performance and effectiveness in mainstreaming gender equality throughout the organization and its programmes . Evaluation of the role and contributions of UNDP in HIV/AIDS in Southern Africa and Ethiopia .
 Moreover , rule 19 of the rules of procedure states that the Bureau of the Commission is to consist of seven members -LRB- i.e. four members from Lists A and C combined , two members from List B and one member from List D , referred to in the annex to General Assembly resolution 1995 -LRB- XIX -RRB- as amended -RRB- . Accordingly ,   following   the cycle of rotation established after UNCTAD IX , the bureau for the eleventh session of the Commission will be as follows : Chairperson from List B ; Rapporteur from List A -LRB- Asia -RRB- ; and five Vice-Chairpersons -LRB- 3 from list A and C combined , 1 from List B and 1 from List D -RRB- . Item 2. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
 Recommendation of the Fifth Committee The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft resolution : Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations
 In 1990 this percentage was only 3.8 % -LRB- State of the Nation , tenth report , 2004 -RRB- . A high proportion of these were born in Nicaragua ,   followed   by those born in Panama , the United States and Colombia . In 2000 , Costa Rican residents born in Nicaragua numbered 226 374 -LRB- 6 % of the country 's total population -RRB- , as against 45 914 recorded in the 1984 census .
 Up to 2001 , 2 263 cases of AIDS had been recorded , 134 of whom died in 2001 alone , so becoming the main causes of death among the illnesses subject to compulsory declaration . 80.03 % of cases are in the 25 to 44 age group ; 84.4 % stated that they were infected sexually , the population of males having sex with males -LRB- MSM -RRB- being the worst affected -LRB- 43.79 % -RRB- ,   followed   by heterosexuals -LRB- 24.8 % -RRB- and bisexuals -LRB- 16.68 % -RRB- . From 1985 to date , the institutions in Costa Rica 's health sector , NGOs , some public agencies , the private sector , and with the cooperation of other countries and international organizations , have made substantial efforts in various fields to treat the HIV/AIDS epidemic at national level .
 This is because the nature of the habeas corpus remedy is to protect personal freedom and integrity against laws and omissions emanating from any authority of any kind , even judicial , which threatens to impugn or restrict them , all within a system of law such as Costa Rica 's . If the Chamber decides that the matter is not one for habeas corpus , but rather for amparo , it will say so and continue the procedure   following   the rules for the amparo remedy . 6.4 Remedy of amparo
 The Government must pay the greater attention to and therefore manage and implement a more comprehensive and systematic policy of assistance to certain specific groups , especially with regard to the right to a decent dwelling , since there has been progress in this regard , but there has to be a more proactive stance in view of the housing situation in indigenous territories and in the case of disabled persons . It is also extremely important to   follow   up on quality , which is the country 's main shortcoming in terms of housing , since housing construction has increased , especially to meet the needs of the population living in poverty and extreme poverty , but the improvement in access to basic housing services and infrastructure quality has not kept pace . Access to property ownership is widespread in Costa Rica , but , as part of this process , respect for natural resources must be observed and guaranteed more effectively and land use must be more equitable and more specialized .
 The Security Council is meeting today in light of the serious Israeli military escalation in the occupied Palestinian territories . Tunisia has   followed   with concern this brutal Israeli aggression against the northern Gaza Strip , which has caused many victims among the Palestinian people  women , children and the elderly . The most recent were victims of the bombing yesterday in Beit Hanoun , which also destroyed infrastructure .
 With regard to staff costs , he noted a substantial increase -LRB- 353 , 100 -RRB- resulting from increased standard costs for staff and common staff costs . He drew attention to the fact that , in order to minimize the overall increase in the budget , the Tribunal was proposing a provision for common staff costs for 2007-2008 based on a projection of actual costs rather than   following   the practice of applying the common staff costs rate fixed by the United Nations . He also proposed to reclassify the post of the head of Building Management Services from the P-2 to the P-3 level since the functions of the incumbent of the post had substantially expanded .
 Moreover , rule 19 of the rules of procedure states that the Bureau of the Commission is to consist of seven members -LRB- i.e. four members from Lists A and C combined , two members from List B and one member from List D , referred to in the annex to the General Assembly resolution 1995 -LRB- XIX -RRB- as amended -RRB- . Accordingly ,   following   the cycle of rotation established after UNCTAD IX , the bureau for the tenth session of the Commission will be as follows : Chairperson from List B , Rapporteur from List A -LRB- Africa -RRB- ; and three Vice-Chairpersons from List A and C combined , one from List B and one from List D -RRB- . Item 2 : Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
 The related construction work in progress was $ 4.1 million and $ 7.9 million respectively at the same dates . The initial accounting policy of UNRWA in respect of land and buildings was as   follows   : in accordance with the Agency 's financial regulation 10.4 , expenditure on acquisition , construction or capital improvements of land and buildings is capitalized . The costs incurred during construction that extends over more than one financial period are accumulated and disclosed as construction work in progress .
 Note 12 Membership details Changes in the membership of the Provident Fund in 2005 are as   follows   : Note 13 Members ' credits
 -LRB- a -RRB- The Government was insufficiently proactive in addressing the lack of a national security policy and problems evident within and between PNTL and F-FDTL ; -LRB- b -RRB- The Government failed to   follow   the requisite legislative procedures in calling out F-FDTL on 28 April 2006 , a matter for which those members of the Crisis Cabinet who made the decision , and in particular the former Prime Minister , bear responsibility ; -LRB- c -RRB- F-FDTL had limited preparedness to provide military assistance to the civil power , a matter for which responsibility lies with the Minister of Defence and the Chief of the Defence Force ;
 We also express our thanks to Mr. Sukehiro Hasegawa , Special Representative of the Secretary-General , for presenting the Secretary-General 's end-of-mandate report on the United Nations Office in Timor-Leste -LRB- UNOTIL -RRB- . The United Republic of Tanzania has closely   followed   the impressive progress Timor-Leste has made in capacity- and institution-building and in the area of governance , and would wish to sincerely commend the people and its leadership for their perseverance and determination to succeed . As Timor-Leste prepares to confront the challenges ahead and to engage in the long-term development of the country , account needs to be taken of the reality that the country 's institutions are young and fragile , requiring considerable support .
 Bjorn Sandvik and Satu Suikkari , Harm and Reparation in International Treaty regimes : An Overview , in Peter Wetterstein , Harm to the Environment  , supra note 16 , p. 57. See generally , Edward H.P. Brans , Liability for Damage to Public Natural Resources : Standing , Damage and Damage Assessment -LRB- The Hague/London/New York : Kluwer Law International , 2001 -RRB- , pp. 9-63. See also Julio Barboza , Special Rapporteur , Eleventh report , document A/CN.4/468 -LRB- 1995 -RRB- . Article I -LRB- vii -RRB- of the 2004 Protocol to amend the 1960 Paris Convention on Third Party Liability in the Field of Nuclear Energy defines nuclear damage as including each of the   following   to the extent determined by the law of the competent court ,  -LRB- 3 -RRB- economic loss arising from loss or damage referred to in subparagraph 1 or 2 above insofar as not included in those subparagraphs , if incurred by a person entitled to claim in respect of such loss or damage . For example , under section 2702 -LRB- b -RRB- of the United States Oil Pollution Act any person may recover damages for injury to , or economic losses resulting from the destruction of real or personal property which shall be recoverable by a claimant who owns or leases such property .
 The findings of the mission , which included a series of proposals for parliamentary action in support of a more effective and representative multilateral system with the United Nations at its core , were subsequently submitted to the leadership of all national parliaments . During the period under review , IPU closely   followed   the deliberations of the United Nations working group on revitalization of the General Assembly , and presented a series of proposals on how to further improve cooperation between the two bodies to generate greater synergies and enhance the overall political impact of the General Assembly . Since the establishment of the Human Rights Council , the Peacebuilding Commission and the United Nations Democracy Fund , all of which are founded on the premise that investing in viable and effective representative institutions is indispensable to sustainable peace and development , IPU has taken steps towards developing a strong working relationship with these institutions .
 He looked forward to the implementation of new technical cooperation modalities , including the proposed toolbox to support policy-makers and practitioners in the development of a dynamic and competitive private sector which would contribute to industrial growth . South Africa   followed   the innovations at UNIDO with keen interest . The findings of the joint assessment of progress in the implementation of the Cooperation Agreement between UNIDO and UNDP -LRB- see document IDB.32/11 -RRB- deserved thorough consideration .
 Introduction The Committee commends the State party for ratifying the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women without reservations and expresses its appreciation to the State party for its combined initial , second , third , fourth and fifth periodic report , which   followed   the Committee 's guidelines , while regretting that it was long overdue . The Committee notes the quality of the report , which gives a clear overview of the situation of women and the obstacles towards equality between men and women .
 Encourages the Burundian authorities to continue to cooperate with the Secretary-General , including for the establishment of the mechanisms referred to in Council resolution 1606 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- ; Calls upon the Burundian authorities , in their investigations into the alleged attempt to perpetrate a coup d'Etat , to   follow   due process and to respect the guarantees provided for by law and its international obligations ; Expresses its deep concern at reports of continuing human rights violations , and urges the Government to investigate all such reports , take the necessary steps to prevent further violations and to ensure that those responsible for such violations are brought to justice ;
 Parents and guardians , and also duly authorized bodies , have the right to require the cancellation of labour contracts or agreements concluded with persons aged under 18 if the continuation of the work threatens their health or entails other injury for them . The cancellation of a labour contract or agreement with a worker aged under 18 on the initiative of an employer without   following   the general procedure is permitted only with the consent of the local labour and employment agency and the commission on the affairs of minors . For the purpose of enforcing laws and other regulations designed to protect the rights of minors , the office of the Procurator-General and its local offices conducted 39 checks of compliance with labour legislation on minors in 2003 and the first half of 2004 .
 Palestine The   following   intergovernmental organizations were represented at the session : African , Caribbean and Pacific Group of States
 The Ministerial Council of the League of Arab States , at its extraordinary meeting on 15 July 2006 , Having   followed   with extreme concern and thoroughly condemned the escalating Israeli aggression against the Lebanese Republic and in the occupied Palestinian territories , Having considered the critical new developments in connection with the Israeli aggression against civilians and against infrastructures in the Palestinian territories and in Lebanon ,
 Recommendation of the Sixth Committee The Sixth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft resolution : Observer status for the Hague Conference on Private International Law in the General Assembly
 On 22 August 2006 , during the first plenary period , the four coastal States made a presentation on the submission to the Commission . The representative of France , Elie Jarmache , Director of International Relations and Cooperation and Secretary General of Oceans , was the first to speak ,   followed   by the representative of Ireland , Lisa Walshe , Law of the Sea Director of the Department of Foreign Affairs ; the representative of Spain , D. Sergio Carranza Forster , Area Chief in the Ministry of External Affairs and Cooperation ; and the representative of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , Lindsay Parson , of the National Oceanography Centre . In addition to those representatives , the delegations of the four coastal States also included a number of scientific , technical and legal advisers .
 Calls upon the international community to help the LDCs to progressively integrate themselves into the world economy and strengthen LDC 's capacity to participate in the multilateral trading system , including facilitating accession to WTO by those LDC 's which are not already members . Urges developed countries to increase their contributions and initiate new means within the framework of the International Development Strategy and to   follow   the example of countries who converted the debts contracted by the least developed countries into grants in order to facilitate the implementation of the structural adjustment measures undertaken by these countries . Expresses concern at the declining trend in the quantity of ODA to the LDCs and stresses the importance of increasing Official Development Assistance -LRB- ODA -RRB- granted by the donor countries in favour of the developing countries in general and the Least Developed Countries in particular and calls upon donor countries to achieve as soon as possible the agreed target of 0.7 % of the GNP for overall official development assistance and 0.15 to 0.20 per cent of GNP for the least developed countries .
 Implementing the Panel 's recommendations will increase UNCTAD 's presence and relevance at the country level and will also be in line with the outcome of the 2005 World Summit . While   following   the overall trend within the UN system-wide approach of delivering as one at the country level , UNCTAD will continue to provide technical assistance to developing countries at interregional , regional and subregional levels . With regard to recommendation 19 , a clarification is warranted .
 Apart from the interim arbitral award in the case concerning Westland Helicopters -LRB- see para . 76 above -RRB- and the minority opinion by Lord Nourse in the Court of Appeal in the Tin Council case -LRB- see para. 81 above -RRB- , the decisions considered above   followed   the view that there exists no presumption to the effect that member States incur responsibility -LRB- see paras . 77-82 above -RRB- . The same view was shared by the great majority of States : all those -LRB- over 25 -RRB- that were sued in the two affairs considered in paragraphs 76 to 82 above and most of those that commented on this question in connection with the present study -LRB- see paras. 84 and 85 above -RRB- .
 The mandates it has given us have been more coherent , more robust when required , and often matched with something like the necessary resources required . And its members now   follow   up on their decisions with greater vigilance , demanding full reports from me and my colleagues on the missions they have mandated , and sometimes going to see for themselves on the spot how things are going . The Council has also passed some very important thematic resolutions  I think especially of resolution 1325 -LRB- 2000 -RRB- on the role of women in the prevention and resolution of conflicts and in peacebuilding  and it is generally much more cognizant of the need to prevent conflict , rather than wait to react after it occurs .
 Finally , almost 9 out of 10 companies say they have systems of internal reporting and compliance in place in connection with their human rights policies , with s7 out of 10 stating that they engage in periodic external reporting in company publications or websites . Most companies indicate that they work with external stakeholders in developing and implementing their human rights policies ; NGOs are ranked the most frequent partner ,   followed   closely by industry associations , then the United Nations or other international organizations , followed by labour unions , with Governments bringing up the rear . A larger number of responses is required to draw strong conclusions about overall patterns or variations by sector and country .
 In order to fulfil expeditiously the requirements of General Assembly resolution 60/248 , a separate report of the Secretary-General -LRB- A/60/846/Add.7 -RRB- has been submitted that provides updated terms of reference for IAAC , based on the findings of the comprehensive review . In addition , the report contains modest adjustments to further refine the terms of reference   following   additional consultations . Recommendation 4 of volume IV of the report of the Steering Committee addresses a matter that falls strictly within the province of the intergovernmental organs , as opposed to the province of the Secretary-General .
 Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee 's consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records -LRB- A/C.5/60/SR.51 , 52 , 64 and 66 -RRB- . For its consideration of the item , the Committee had before it the   following   documents : -LRB- a -RRB- Report of the Secretary-General on the performance of the budget of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon for the period from 1 July 2004 to 30 June 2005 -LRB- A/60/629 and Corr.1 -RRB- ;
 Global interdiction of Ecstasy-type substances also steadily increased from 4.3 metric tons in 2003 to 8 tons in 2004 . Seizures of Ecstasy rose in all subregions , but the greatest number of interdictions continued to be in Western and Central Europe ,   followed   by North America and Oceania . An emerging trend is the increasing number of seizures that take place in Southern Africa .
 Holding of two weekly hearings at the National Prison to avoid transferring prisoners . The hearings are conducted with the same set-up and   following   the same procedure as in the law courts . A public hearing , with press access , is assured , subject only to the fact that unlike hearings in the law courts , access to the chamber for the hearings is subject to strict control .
 The Commission requested the Secretariat to prepare a more detailed study , for consideration by the Commission at its thirty-ninth session , in 2006 , which should include proposals as to the form and nature of a comprehensive reference document , which the Commission might in the future consider preparing with a view to assisting legislators and policymakers around the world . At its thirty-ninth session , the Commission had before it a note prepared by the Secretariat   following   that request -LRB- A/CN.9/604 -RRB- . The note identified the following areas as possible components of a comprehensive reference document : -LRB- a -RRB- authentication and cross-border recognition of electronic signatures ; -LRB- b -RRB- liability and standards of conduct for information-services providers ; -LRB- c -RRB- electronic invoicing and legal issues related to supply chains in electronic commerce ; -LRB- d -RRB- transfer of rights in tangible goods and other rights through electronic communications ; -LRB- e -RRB- unfair competition and deceptive trade practices in electronic commerce ; and -LRB- f -RRB- privacy and data protection in electronic commerce .
 -LRB- b -RRB- Engaging with the rest of the United Nations system to ensure a smooth transition ; -LRB- c -RRB- Engaging and   following   up with Member States during the intergovernmental process required to establish the new gender entity ; -LRB- d -RRB- Engaging with civil society to support the transition process .
 The fertility rate was 46.7 per 1 , 000 women in 2002 . The highest rate , 100.5 , occurred among women in the 20-to-24 age group ; they were   followed   by women aged between 25 and 29 , with a rate of 94.1 . The low birth weight indicator was 5.8 in 2002 and 5.9 in 2001 .
 Several speakers commended UNODC for its activities to promote the ratification and implementation of the Convention and invited the Office to continue to provide legal and technical assistance to requesting developing countries and countries with economies in transition , with a view to upgrading their legislation and building their capacity to implement the Convention . In that context , it was emphasized that , in order for technical assistance to have an impact , it needed to   follow   a long-term strategy and required sufficient financial support . Attention was also drawn to bilateral cooperation activities .
 -LRB- a -RRB- Formal credentials in due form , as provided for by Rule 3 of the Rules of Procedure , had been communicated to the Secretary-General of the Conference for representatives from the following States Parties : -LRB- b -RRB- Provisional credentials for the representatives of the   following   States Parties had been communicated to the Secretary-General of the Conference : -LSB- Bosnia and Herzegovina , Denmark , Germany , Hungary , Israel , Moldova , Morocco , Peru , Philippines , and The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia. -RSB-
 It is essential , therefore , that we develop a clear follow up mechanism for the implementation of decisions and Advisory Opinions issued by the Court so as to ensure that their scope is not limited to the Court itself and the parties involved in the dispute . Rather , there should be international recognition by United Nations bodies of their commitment to   following   up and implementing in practical terms the Court 's decision . That is being done by increasingly resorting to requests for Advisory Opinions to correct such procedural misperceptions within a sound legal framework .
 A list of the documents issued by the Special Committee in 2006 is contained in the annex to the present chapter . At its 13th meeting , on 22 June 2006 , the Special Committee considered the item and noted that , during the year , it had closely   followed   the guidelines set forth in the resolutions of the General Assembly on the pattern of conferences , in particular resolutions 60/236 A of 23 December 2005 and 60/236 B of 6 May 2006 . By organizing its programme of work effectively and holding extensive consultations , the Committee had striven to keep the number of its formal meetings to a minimum .
 Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination During the year , having regard to the relevant provisions of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the Special Committee continued to   follow   the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination . Specialized agencies and international institutions associated with the United Nations
 Regional intergovernmental organizations Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the African Union , the Caribbean Community and the Pacific Islands Forum on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of these regional intergovernmental organizations . Movement of Non-Aligned Countries
 -LRB- c -RRB- Affirms the commitment of the States parties to the Convention , including in their capacity as States members of public international organizations , to support the waiver of privileges and immunities of public international organizations in appropriate cases and when warranted ; -LRB- d -RRB- Commends the Executive Director of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime for encouraging international organizations to   follow   the principles of the United Nations Convention against Corruption , and affirms the agreement of the parties to the Convention to use , when appropriate , their voices in those international organizations in which they participate to achieve that end . Report by the Secretary-General concerning the credentials of the alternate representative of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on the Security Council
 I have the further honour to convey to you the information requested in paragraph 1.1 of your letter on the measures in force or under consideration aimed at prohibiting or preventing incitement to terrorist acts -LRB- see enclosure -RRB- . I would like to pledge the continued cooperation of Bulgaria towards the implementation of the mandate of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and to assure you that your efforts and achievements as Chairman of the Committee are closely   followed   and warmly welcomed by the Bulgarian Government . -LRB- Signed -RRB- Ivan Piperkov Charg d'affaires a.i .
 Recommendations of the Third Committee The Third Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft resolutions : Draft resolution I International Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance
 Needless to say , for a long time the international community has understood that position of Israel , which violates all international norms regulating nuclear proliferation and strongly harms the credibility and universality of the NPT . It also prevents the establishment of a nuclear-free zone in the Middle East   following   the example of the Treaties of Rarotonga , Pelindaba , Bangkok , Tlatelolco and Semipalatinsk . My delegation calls upon the international community to call for the following .
 Proposed action The Open-ended Working Group may wish to adopt a decision along the   following   lines : The Open-ended Working Group ,
 Thus , on the basis of article 7 -LRB- 2 -RRB- CISG , the court turned to the law applicable by virtue of the rules of private international law , i.e. Argentinean law . Article 476 of the Argentinean Commercial Code requires nonconformity of the goods to be established by a fixed procedure based on arbitration : a procedure that the buyer did not   follow   . Even if it can be assumed that arbitration is not mandatory and can be replaced by a different procedure based on tests by experts , the court stated that the buyer had failed to submit convincing evidence demonstrating that the goods did not conform to the contract .
 This process is extremely inefficient with only a 10-15 % yield , producing 6 -- 10 tons of other isomers for each ton of Lindane -LRB- IHPA , 2006 -RRB- . Alpha-HCH is the major by-product of the reaction -LRB- 60-70 % -RRB- ,   followed   by beta-HCH -LRB- 7-10 % -RRB- -LRB- WHO , 1991 -RRB- . 2 Persistence
 Moreover , rule 19 of the rules of procedure states that the Bureau of the Commission shall consist of seven members -LRB- i.e. four members from Lists A and C combined , two members from List B and one member from List D referred to in the annex to General Assembly resolution 1995 -LRB- XIX -RRB- as amended -RRB- . Accordingly ,   following   the cycle of rotation established after UNCTAD IX , the bureau for the eleventh session of the Commission will be as follows : Chairperson from List C ; Rapporteur from List B ; and five Vice-Chairpersons -LRB- three members from Lists A and C combined , one member from List B , and one member from List D -RRB- . Item 2. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
 A subject of special interest for El Salvador is the strengthening of international cooperation for development , particularly with a view to complying with the Millennium Development Goals . In this connection , we believe that , in order to implement and   follow   up on our development plans , we must have the support of the international community so as to create fairer and more open conditions that would enable us to accede to technological resources , the transfer of technology , environmentally friendly technology , the support for the generation of technical capabilities and new financial resources in favourable conditions . El Salvador is firmly committed to attaining the Millennium Development Goals , as envisaged in our Government plan , and accordingly , we have made efforts and directed resources , primarily through national impact programmes , together with international cooperation , with special focus on education and health .
 The Special Rapporteur considers that many human rights abuses in the conflict areas constitute a breach of international humanitarian law . The Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Convention on the Rights of the Child provide for monitoring mechanisms , known as treaty bodies , that   follow   up the implementation of the treaty by the States parties through the consideration of reports , which are to be regularly submitted by Governments . Although Myanmar submitted its initial report to the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women in 1999 , it faces important delays in meeting its reporting obligations under the Convention and its second periodic report has been overdue since August 2002 .
 In terms of a breakdown by age group , the statistics on 2004 are - in terms of proportions - characteristic of the preceding years . The highest numbers of abortions took place among the 25-29 age group ,   followed   by 20-24 and the 30-34 year groups : 13 , 678 , 11 , 045 and 10 , 084 , respectively . A smaller number of abortions took place in the group of women below 20 -LRB- though these are still a large number in absolute terms -RRB- : in 2004 5 , 978 abortions were recorded in the 15-19 age group and 203 among those below 14 .
 Technical visits , meetings and workshops UNMOVIC continued to   follow   dual-use technology and related developments and to assess the implications for its mandate and the potential application of new technologies in detection , monitoring and verification . The Commission also hosted a number of no-cost seminars with outside experts at Headquarters on issues such as sampling , analysis and detection technology .
 Noting that two meetings of experts -LRB- held in Paris in May 2000 and December 2002 -RRB- on this issue resulted in the elaboration of non-legally binding -LRB- soft law -RRB- draft principles relating to cultural objects displaced in relation to the Second World War , Noting further that   following   the adoption by the Committee at its twelfth session of Recommendation No. 7 , which among other things invited all UNESCO member States to provide the secretariat with their observations on the draft principles in order to make them available to the Committee at its thirteenth session , the secretariat then received nine sets of observations , Thanking the States that provided comments for their observations ,
 Much progress had been made in the area of human rights since that time thanks to a number of measures taken and mechanisms established. The political and institutional reforms of the previous decade had aimed at strengthening the democratic process and rule of law . The coming to power of her Government in 1999   following   democratic presidential and legislative elections had ended a decade of political and institutional instability and paved the way for policies to promote sustainable development . The advent of democracy in the Niger made the rise of a dynamic civil society possible .
 While recognizing the financial and technical challenges for some possessors , they called upon those States Parties in a position to do so , and where requested , to assist such possessor States in the achievement of the total elimination of chemical weapons . The Ministers regretted unsubstantiated allegations of non-compliance with relevant instruments on weapons of mass destruction and called on States Parties to such instruments that make such allegations to   follow   procedures set out in those instruments and to provide necessary substantiation for their allegations . They called upon all States parties to the respective international instruments to implement fully and in a transparent manner all their obligations under these instruments .
 They called upon all States and international Organisations to provide all kinds of support and assistance to meet the Iraqi needs and to facilitate contributions and efforts designated to reactivate its organisational bodies , economic institutions and infrastructure . Thus , they welcomed the commitment of the Paris Club to substantially reduce Iraq 's sovereign debts and urged the other creditors to   follow   suit . Korean Peninsula
 To this end , the Council is requested to ask the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to hold an international expert seminar during 2007 to prepare the ground for the proposed instrument . As far as the Supreme Iraqi Criminal Tribunal is concerned , the Special Rapporteur reiterates emphatically the recommendations he made to the General Assembly in October 2005 : that the Iraqi authorities should be urged to   follow   the example of other countries with shortcomings in their judicial systems , by seeking the assistance of the United Nations in the establishment of an independent tribunal which complies with international human rights standards ; and also that it should refrain from imposing the death penalty under all circumstances . With regard to the Tribunal in Cambodia , the Special Rapporteur urges the judges to ensure that the rules of procedure contain all the necessary provisions to ensure that the trials are conducted in full compliance with international standards relating to the right to a fair , impartial and independent trial .
 Registered and non-registered extremist entities active in the Czech Republic are monitored on an ongoing basis . Manifestations of anti-Semitism , including Holocaust denial , and of Islamophobia are closely   followed   . Data on crimes with extremist motivation , including racism and xenophobia are also collected and evaluated .
 In Brazil , according to Law 8884/94 -LRB- Article 54 onwards -RRB- , mergers and acquisitions are submitted to the SDE , a division of the Ministry of Justice , who sends the cases to the Secretariat of Economic Monitoring -LRB- SEAE -RRB- , in the Ministry of Finance , and after the latter 's analysis theses cases are sent to Administrative Council for Economic Defence -LRB- CADE -RRB- to be judged . In general , these cases are usually analysed by the Antitrust Authorities ex post ,   following   a Structure-Conduct-Performance -LRB- SCP -RRB- framework close to the Merger Guidelines applied in the USA . However , this framework was unable to address this set of acquisitions by CVRD , a newly privatized national champion .
 We are pleased indeed at the success story of the Security Council and the international community in the restoration of peace to West Africa . It is our hope that Liberia will be an example to be   followed   in that region with regard to peace processes . We welcome the presence among us of the African continent 's first elected woman President and the first Liberian head of State to have been elected since the civil war ended in 2003 .
 Article 42 The United Nations , its bodies , including the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues , and specialized agencies , including at the country level , and States shall promote respect for and full application of the provisions of this Declaration and   follow   up the effectiveness of this Declaration . Article 43
 Results from a survey of Canadian industries regarding certain substances on the country 's Domestic Substances List conducted for the year 2000 indicated that no PBDEs were manufactured in Canada , but approximately 1300 tonnes of PentaBDE commercial products -LRB- for incorporation into finished articles -RRB- was imported into the country -LRB- Environment Canada 2003 -RRB- . Based on quantities reported , PentaBDE was the PBDE imported in greatest volume ,   followed   by the commercial decabromodiphenyl ether product . A very small amount of octabromodiphenyl ether was imported in 2000 .
 As electronic circuits become smaller , and more densely packed electronics are subjected to ever higher temperatures , the need for flame retardants will increase . Construction markets will be the second fastest growing globally , but in China second place will be held by motor vehicles ,   followed   by textiles , both of which industries are growing rapidly in that country . Plastics will continue to replace other materials such as metals and glass in a wide range of products , in order to lower both cost and weight and to allow improved design and more flexible production .
 They determined that Penta- and HexaBDEs are increasing at approximately the same rate -LRB- doubling time 4.7 and 4.3 years , respectively -RRB- , more rapidly than TetraBDEs , for which the doubling time was 8.6 years . Once again , BDE-47 was predominant ,   followed   by BDE-99 and BDE-100 . A marked increase in tissue PBDE levels was also evident in blubber samples collected from San Francisco Bay harbour seals over the period 1989 to 1998 -LRB- She et al. 2002 -RRB- .
 According to the latest statistics , UNVs are engaged across 70 field operations , and 2005 expenditure on UNVs amounted to over $ 19 million . During 2005 , UNHCR had 780 individual UNV deployments , 37 per cent of whom were engaged in protection-related functions ,   followed   by technical experts , mainly in the areas of civil engineering , health coordination and information technology -LRB- 21 per cent -RRB- , field/repatriation oriented functions -LRB- 20 per cent -RRB- , logistics -LRB- 7.2 per cent -RRB- , programme -LRB- 7.1 per cent -RRB- and others -LRB- external relations , reporting , administration , etc. -RRB- -LRB- 7.6 per cent -RRB- . UNVs are a category of additional workforce which has become indispensable for UNHCR 's operations .
 Some children living in the refugee camps also provide logistical support to nearby military bases . In June 2006 , leaders of KNU and KNPP assured United Nations representatives in Thailand that both armies had policies in place prohibiting the recruitment of children under 18 years although they conceded that those policies were not always   followed   by the local commanders . On 31 July 2006 , the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict received a letter from KNU stating that it would no longer use or recruit children ; would monitor its units and take action to ensure that no children were within its ranks ; and would cooperate and allow unhindered United Nations access to monitor and verify compliance to non-recruitment .
 The name drawn was Sao Tome and Principe . The other countries will   follow   in the English alphabetical order and the same order will be observed in the Main Committees . E. Schedule of meetings
 Special conferences The General Committee may wish to draw the attention of the General Assembly to the   following   :  The Committee on Conferences recommended that the General Assembly should instruct the Main Committees to review the number of special conferences of the United Nations already proposed and scheduled in their respective fields of activity prior to deciding upon the scheduling of new and additional special conferences , thus bearing in mind the relevant portions of General Assembly resolution 33/55 -LRB- recommendation 6 of the Committee on Conferences , adopted by the Assembly in decision 34/405 , para. -LRB- b -RRB- -RRB- .
 Recommendation of the Second Committee The Second Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft resolutions : Draft resolution I Special economic assistance for the Philippines
 In conclusion , he underscored the need to promote linkages with the climate change community and to emphasize more strongly the linkage with the biodiversity treaties . Ms. McMurray , noting that the Vienna Convention and its Montreal Protocol were regularly held up in international forums as examples to be   followed   , said that , because of the commitments made by over 180 Governments , the production and consumption of the most widely used ozone-depleting substances had decreased dramatically and a great deal of headway was being made in eliminating a number of other substances . Very few global agreements , she said , had achieved greater benefits for human health .
 Almost all such countries were now implementing refrigerant management plans and many had commenced terminal phase-out management plans designed to enable total phase-out . At its forty-fourth meeting , the Committee had adopted funding guidelines to enable the remaining countries to   follow   suit . The Committee had also approved guidelines that provided assistance for both achieving and ensuring sustainability of phase-out of carbon tetrachloride , methyl chloroform and methyl bromide in countries with very low levels of consumption or where , although there was currently no consumption , there was a risk that imports might be resumed in the future .
 In 2004-2005 , prices of primary commodities increased faster than prices for manufactured goods , continuing the recent strengthening of commodity prices after a long period of decline . Oil saw the steepest increases ,   followed   by metals and minerals , while agricultural product prices have barely kept pace with those of manufactures . Highly indebted oil-importing poor countries have experienced the worst terms-of-trade effects from these price movements.63
 Article 41 of the Algerian Family Code states that a child is affiliated to its father through legal marriage . Article 43 of that Code states that the child is affiliated to its father if it is born in the 10 months   following   the date of separation or death . Article 15 , paragraph 4
 They are required to conduct themselves at all times in a manner befitting their status as international civil servants and not to engage in any activity that may adversely reflect on their status . United Nations staff are required to   follow   the directions and instructions properly issued by the Secretary-General and their supervisors . They are required to comply with local laws and honour their private legal obligations , including the obligation to honour orders of competent courts .
 17.7 Substantive responsibility for the execution of the subprogramme rests with the Division of Production , Productivity and Management . The strategy to be   followed   will take special account of the relevant provisions relating to the goals and targets set forth in the Millennium Declaration , particularly those related to the global partnership for development . In cooperation with the private sector , it will strive to make available to its stakeholders the benefits of new technologies , especially with respect to information and communications .
 By its decision 1/COP.5 , the COP decided to establish the Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention -LRB- CRIC -RRB- as a subsidiary body of the COP to assist it in regularly reviewing the implementation of the Convention .  Following   decision 11/COP.1 on communication of information , and in accordance with decision 9/COP.7 on the programme of work of CRIC 5 , the Committee at its fifth session will review the reports on implementation by affected country Parties of regions other than Africa , including Latin America and the Caribbean -LRB- LAC -RRB- . In accordance with provisions of decision 11/COP.1 and decision 1/COP.5 , the secretariat prepared the following documentation for review at CRIC 5 :
 Lessons learned The   following   important lessons were learned through the implementation of the Global Programme against Money-Laundering 's mentoring programme : -LRB- a -RRB- The programme promotes learning by doing , avoiding ad hoc training that is short-term and hard to follow up .
 It was recognized that migrants have contributed considerably to world-wide cultural exchange , economic development and social progress ; and that they have brought , valuable and dynamic contributions to the societies in their countries of origin as abroad , and will continue to do so . It was stated that a democratic and inclusive vision of the migratory phenomenon needs , for its international analysis and   follow   up , the involvement of all stakeholders concerned , in order to help find solutions to the global challenges that migration has , with economical , developmental and , socio - cultural implications -it involves questions such as human rights , education , employment , good governance , health , and investments both in the countries of origin and destination . A key task for international community is to turn international migration into a positive force for development , and to focus on the situation of the migrants themselves .
 The draft principles also distinguish between the rights of patients in different social groups . The draft principles also extend the range of rights applicable to protection of the confidentiality of patients ' health information ,   following   the European standards in this area . In particular , under the principles , it is prohibited to obtain information relating to the diagnosis and treatment of individuals or to divulge such information to employers or to educational establishments and liability is also established for the unlawful disclosure of confidential information about persons ' state of health .
 Article 42 The United Nations , its bodies , including the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues , and specialized agencies , including at the country level , and States shall promote respect for and full application of the provisions of this Declaration and   follow   up the effectiveness of this Declaration . Article 43
 Table 3 Major underlying causes for field audit observations in 2005 Given that poor-quality implementation or failure to   follow   established procedures can also be tracked to insufficient management attention , 87 per cent of the risks observed in 2005 audits can be attributed to inadequate oversight by country office managers of the internal control framework . Over 70 per cent of the observations in the three categories fall in the functional areas of financial controls , basic programme management , and office management .
 Offices that did not adequately implement defined procedures included those with weaknesses in the functioning of their contracts review committees , offices with ineffective end-use monitoring of programme inputs , and offices that did not adequately manage non-expendable property . Offices that did not   follow   defined procedures included those that failed to conduct bank reconciliations or close accounts as required , and those that failed to assess the capacity of non-governmental organizations prior to establishing cooperation agreements . Where office managers did not adequately monitor established controls , offices were not aware of the functioning of internal controls over payment processing , failed to formulate AWPs in line with UNICEF programme planning standards , or did not ensure a timely and adequate performance review process for staff .
 The review was undertaken both in the Committee on Rules and Judicial Practice and in the plenary . In considering such legal and judicial matters , the Tribunal   followed   closely the developments of the rules of procedure of the International Court of Justice and other international courts and tribunals . Some of the main issues that were considered are addressed below .
 In September 2002 , pursuant to Governing Council decision SS.VII/1 , the Executive Director sent a letter to all Governments of United Nations Member States inviting them to join the pilot phase of the implementation of the voluntary indicative scale of contributions in 2003 . The methodology used for developing the scale was based on the   following   main considerations : -LRB- a -RRB- Maintaining the voluntary character of contributions to the Environment Fund ;
 In such cases when national law is not in accordance with international , the priorities are given to international law . In this sense the Republic of Moldova   follows   the Directives of the Committee of Ministries of the Council of Europe on the respecting for human , refugee and humanitarian rights in the fight against terrorism . They are translated into the state language and distributed to all the national authorities in charge .
 Kenya is greatly encouraged by the wide support for the draft resolution entitled Towards an arms trade treaty : establishing common standards for the import , export and transfer of conventional arms -LRB- A/C.1/61/L.55 -RRB- , and we strongly urge all States to support this initiative . Mr. Mine -LRB- Japan -RRB- : The Programme of Action to Prevent , Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects , adopted by consensus in 2001 , is a comprehensive normative guideline to be   followed   by the entire international community . In the five years since its adoption , the Programme of Action has demonstrated its effectiveness , and we have much to be proud of , with measurable progress in tackling this problem at the national , regional and global levels .
 The share of other national and ethnic communities taken individually does not exceed 1 per cent of the total number of inhabitants . The overwhelming majority of the inhabitants mentioned Serbian as the mother tongue , i.e. 6 , 620 , 699 inhabitants ,   followed   by Hungarian - 286 , 508 inhabitants , Bosniac - 136 , 749 and Roma - 82 , 242 inhabitants . The Serbian Orthodox confession is the most widespread - 6 , 371 , 584 , followed by Roman Catholic - 410 , 976 and Islamic - 239 , 658 , etc .
 This refers to the break-up of the former Yugoslavia and the war on its territory , the international sanctions instituted and the crisis provoked by hyperinflation . However , numerous methodological problems arise in   following   up on the impact of these events on the health of the population as well as in singling out and assessment of the impact of these factors . One of the main methodological impediments is the insufficiently reliable data on the death causes , and the frequent changes in the population -LRB- a denominator indispensable for the calculation of the disease and death rates -RRB- .
 The Law on Marriage ensures the equality of women and men in all segments of family life -LRB- marriage , parenting , support , alimony/maintenance , property in common , same family name , etc . -RRB- The Law on Marriage regulates the   following   areas : - Family -LRB- realisation of family rights , basic principles of family relations -RRB- ;
 43.3 % of female students studied humanities and social sciences , 19.6 % law , and 10.2 % medicine and pharmaceutics . Male colleagues primarily chose economics and business -LRB- 25.5 % -RRB- ,   followed   by humanities and social sciences -LRB- 20.4 % -RRB- , law -LRB- 18.2 % -RRB- , and exact and natural sciences -LRB- 17.1 % -RRB- . Table 5 Share of male and female students from Liechtenstein at universities and other institutions of higher learning in Switzerland , Austria , and Germany
 The pension adjustment system is not part of the Regulations . It was adopted , and then modified from time to time , by the General Assembly ,   following   consideration and recommendations by the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board . The benefits payable by the Pension Fund under its Regulations are established and denominated in United States dollars .
 There is very little survey data on the prevalence of drug abuse in the general population -LRB- regardless of age group -RRB- in Central , South or South-West Asia . The existing data on drug abuse in this subregion suggest that opioids ,   followed   by cannabis , are the most commonly abused illicit drugs . The only available prevalence estimates found in the searches conducted for the present report -LRB- other than annual reports questionnaire estimates -RRB- could not be broken down by age .
 Article 41 The United Nations , its bodies , including the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues , and specialized agencies , including at the country level , and States , shall promote respect for and full application of the provisions of this Declaration and   follow   up the effectiveness of this Declaration . Article 42
 However , there has been little , if any , improvement in the situation . Because of the procedures that some apparently believe must still be   followed   , it will not be possible to put surveyors in place for many weeks and the same is true for the contracts with the construction companies . There are two further factors that impede progress .
 Aims of education The Committee notes with satisfaction the State party 's efforts to respond to the needs of foreign expatriate communities by allowing an establishment of foreign schools which   follow   the set curricula and system of schooling used in the country of origin . As regards the principles , goals and objectives of education in Saudi Arabia , the Committee regrets the distinction between male and female roles in the curricula resulting in discrimination against girls .
 A detailed overview of developments from mid-2005 to mid-2006 is contained in UNHCR 's annual Note on International Protection -LRB- A/AC.96/1024 -RRB- . The following paragraphs give a brief overview of challenges encountered and measures undertaken in relation to these developments , broadly   following   the six goals of the Agenda for Protection . Strengthening implementation of the 1951 Convention and 1967 Protocol
 Expenditure in 2005 totalled US $ 1 , 141.6 million as shown in Table 2 . Broken down by region and type of assistance , expenditure in 2005 was highest in Africa -LRB- some US $ 529 million -RRB- ,   followed   by CASWANAME -LRB- some US $ 165 million -RRB- . Oversight and audit
 End-user certificates had been issued and a deposit made in a newly opened bank account for this transaction . The Group hopes now that the National Police will   follow   correct procedures by seeking an exemption from the Security Council Committee . Clearly , there are equipment needs , and UNOCI can assist by giving its assessment .
 In considering the item , the Committee had before it a note by the secretariat setting out the results of the preliminary review of notifications undertaken by the secretariat in consultation with the bureau in accordance with a request made by the Committee at its first meeting and the proposed priorities for the chemicals scheduled for review by the Committee at its second meeting -LRB- UNEP/FAO/RC/CRC.2/9 -RRB- . The Chair said that , on the basis of the preliminary review of notifications and in line with the process for drafting decision-guidance documents set out in decision RC-2/2 , and   following   the priorities proposed by the bureau , as set out in document UNEP/FAO/RC/CRC.2/6 , the nine chemicals for consideration by the Committee had been clustered into the three proposed groups , as described in paragraph 28 above . Thus , alachlor , endosulfan and tributyl tin had been placed in the first group and intersessional task groups had been established to undertake preliminary assessments of the submitted notifications and supporting documentation on those chemicals .
 This idea was subsequently taken up by the WHO-World Bank report on Road Traffic Injury and Prevention and a WHO-United Nations Road Safety Collaboration meeting was held in 2004 . The IRU   followed   the work of the UNECE Working Party on Road Traffic Safety , attending its meetings , informing the members of its own Road Safety Commission about its work and defining with the latter , standpoints to be defended at the former . The report of the UNECE 's Multidisciplinary Group of Experts on Safety in Tunnels was adopted in January 2002 and its recommendations submitted to the various competent subsidiary bodies of the Inland Transport Committee .
 Thirty one departments/offices employed such staff during the biennium 2004-2005 . The Department for General Assembly and Conference Management was the largest employer , with a total of 47 staff -LRB- 22.5 per cent of the total -RRB- ,   followed   by the field missions administered by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations with 44 staff -LRB- 21.1 per cent of the total -RRB- . The number of days worked by persons in this category during the biennium 2004-2005 totalled 51 , 431 , representing an expenditure of $ 15.6 million -LRB- or 46.6 per cent of the total cost of employment of all retirees -RRB- .
 Functional titles most often used for such staff were : Principal Officer , Senior Officer and Senior Administrative Officer -LRB- 26 staff -RRB- ; Chief of Service , Section or Unit -LRB- 17 staff -RRB- ; Special Representative of the Secretary-General -LRB- 10 staff -RRB- ; Director -LRB- seven staff -RRB- ; and Officer-in-Charge -LRB- seven staff -RRB- . The main departments and offices employing such persons were : field missions administered by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations , with 47 individuals -LRB- 25.6 per cent of the total in this category -RRB- ,   followed   by the Department of Public Information -LRB- seven staff -RRB- , the Department of Management -LRB- six staff -RRB- , the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs -LRB- six staff -RRB- and the Department of Peacekeeping Operations -LRB- five staff -RRB- . Employment of retired former staff for an accrued service period exceeding two years
 The Board had before it the proposed workplan and operational budget for 2007 -LRB- INSTRAW/EB/2006/R.4/Rev.1 -RRB- which was introduced by the Director . She explained that the proposed workplan and operational budget for 2007 had been prepared   following   a results-based management approach and in line with its Strategic Framework for the period 2004-2007 . The workplan and operational budget maintains the Institute 's technical strategic areas of research ; information and communication ; and capacity-building/training and the same priority areas for programmes .
  Establish an area specifically dedicated to resource mobilization and fund-raising activities , within the established rules and regulations and with the necessary human resources .  Update projects , proposals and profiles to maintain an up-to-date project portfolio and to   follow   up , on a regular basis , the status of projects submitted for funding  Maintain personal and permanent contact with key stakeholders in the government and non-governmental sectors to provide information on programmes , projects , activities and resource implementation
 The methods of work of the Special Representative , presented in her first report to the Commission , have been similar to those of other thematic mechanisms , with due regard to the specificity of the mandate . In devising the methodology that she would   follow   , the Special Representative 's primary concern was to ensure wide accessibility , enhanced dialogue , prompt response and effective initiatives . In her initial report , the Special Representative also identified a series of issues requiring her special consideration .
 Requests the Secretary-General to provide the International Law Seminar with adequate services , including interpretation , as required , and encourages him to continue considering ways to improve the structure and content of the Seminar ; Also requests the Secretary-General to forward to the International Law Commission , for its attention , the records of the debate on the report of the Commission at the sixty-first session of the General Assembly , together with such written statements as delegations may circulate in conjunction with their oral statements , and to prepare and distribute a topical summary of the debate ,   following   established practice ; Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States , as soon as possible after the conclusion of the session of the International Law Commission , chapter II of its report containing a summary of the work of that session , chapter III containing the specific issues on which the views of Governments would be of particular interest to the Commission and the draft articles adopted on either first or second reading by the Commission ;
 Article 9 According to the report , no amendments have been made to the Citizenship Act -LRB- Cap 112 -RRB- , which ,   following   an Ombudsman 's review in 1999 , was found to be discriminatory on the basis of sex -LRB- para . Please indicate measures being taken to amend this Act and indicate the time frame anticipated for such reform .
 Both regions are looking forward to the next stage of the process of adopting the EU Soil Thematic Strategy . Some countries expressed an interest in   following   the activities of Parties in other regions , and in developing cooperation with other UNCCD regions , in particular between Annex IV and Annexes I and II in the framework of the Mediterranean area , and between Annex V and Annex II in the context of Central Asia . The development of a regional early warning network on drought and desertification , and holding workshops at regional level for early prediction of drought , were proposed .
 The State party indicates that the restructuring originated from the Supreme Decree of 8 January 1991 , wherein the Executive announced a reorganization of all public entities . The criteria for selecting those employees to be dismissed were established   following   a general implementation plan . The Committee considers that the age limit used in the present case for continued post occupancy was an objective distinguishing criterion and that its implementation in the context of a general plan for the restructuring of the civil service was not unreasonable .
 He recommended the second option . Given this conclusive advice from the specialist who had told her of the risks to her life if the pregnancy continued , the author decided to   follow   his professional advice and accepted the second option . As a result , all the clinical tests needed to confirm the doctor 's statements about the risks to the mother 's life of continuing the pregnancy and the inevitable death of the foetus at birth were performed .
 The State party 's argument on the High Court 's large workload does not excuse it from complying with its obligations under the Covenant . The delay is further compounded by the State party 's failure to provide any timeframe for the consideration of the case , despite its claim that ,   following   directions from the Attorney-General , Counsel for the prosecution requested the trial judge to expedite the case . 9.5 Under article 2 , paragraph 3 , the State party has an obligation to ensure that remedies are effective .
 On 10 May 2000 , the author appealed to the Supreme Court . 2.10 While the Supreme Court has the power to conduct hearings under the Rules of Court , it   followed   its usual practice of not hearing the testimony of any witnesses during the review process , relying solely upon the lower court 's appreciation of the evidence . On 3 February 2004 , it found the author guilty not only of the kidnapping and serious illegal detention of Jacqueline Chiong , but also of the complex crime of kidnapping and serious illegal detention with homicide and rape of Marijoy Chiong .
 983/2001 , Love v. Australia , Views adopted on 25 March 2003 , para. 8.2 . Article 34 of the Constitution reads as   follow   :  -LRB- 1 -RRB- Citizens of the Republic of Belarus shall be guaranteed the right to receive , store , and disseminate complete , reliable , and timely information on the activities of State bodies and public associations , on political , economic , and international life , and on the state of the environment . -LRB- 2 -RRB- State bodies , public associations , and officials shall afford citizens of the Republic of Belarus an opportunity to familiarize themselves with material that affects their rights and legitimate interests.
 Answer of the spokesman for the Foreign Ministry of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea to a question raised by the Korean Central News Agency with regard to the missile launches In the wake of the missile launches by the Korean People 's Army -LRB- KPA -RRB- , the United States of America and some other countries   following   it , including Japan , are making much ado about a serious development . They are terming them a violation and a provocation and calling for sanctions and their referral to the United Nations Security Council .
 Court proceedings against a public employee , such as a police officer , are only possible with the Government 's agreement , which is rarely forthcoming . The complainant challenges the State party 's assessment that activists at grass-roots level are not the subject of false accusations and submits that it is generally such people who are more vulnerable to persecution than leading opposition figures , who are more closely   followed   by the media , resulting in a certain level of protection . 5.2 In relation to his personal circumstances , the complainant reiterates that he faces a foreseeable , real and personal risk of torture if he is returned to Bangladesh .
 Cash forecasting was imprecise because it involved analytical work , including estimates , which was beyond the scope of a transactional accounting system , such as OPICS . It reiterated that contributions did not come in at a predefined schedule and that vendor and other payments did not   follow   a predetermined frequency . Hence , changes in value dates of anticipated receipts and disbursement were not feasible .
 -LRB- i -RRB- The cash and term deposits figure shown represents the net total of all cash balances -LRB- including funds held in non-convertible currencies -RRB- less any overdrafts ; -LRB- ii -RRB- The   following   is the United States dollar equivalent of the non-convertible currencies held as at 31 December 2005 -LRB- in thousands of United States dollars -RRB- : -LRB- b -RRB- Assessed contributions unpaid :
 The Committee commended the ad hoc expert group for the excellent study it had presented to the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee -LRB- A/AC.105/C.1/L.285 -RRB- and the final report that it had prepared for the Committee 's consideration and agreed that its final report , as contained in A/AC.105/2006/CRP.13 , should be prepared as an addendum to the study . The Committee also expressed its appreciation to the   following   member States that had made commitments or had indicated that they were considering making commitments of support : Algeria , Argentina , Austria , China , Germany , India , Italy , Morocco , Nigeria , Romania , the Russian Federation , Switzerland and Turkey . The Committee noted that the entity being proposed would contribute to ensuring that all countries and all relevant international and regional organizations had access to and used all types of space-based information to support the full disaster management cycle by being a gateway to space information for disaster management support , a bridge that would connect the disaster management and space communities and a facilitator of capacity-building and institutional strengthening .
 In the space of one week in mid-June , UNICEF received 30 reports alleging that children had been abducted by the Karuna faction in the areas of Santhiveli , Kiran , Mankerni , Valachchenai and Iruthayapuram -LRB- Manmunai North -RRB- in Batticaloa District . The majority of children abducted and recruited by the Karuna faction were in the Batticaloa District -LRB- 145 children -RRB- ,   followed   by Ampara District -LRB- 17 children -RRB- , and a child was recently recruited in Trincomalee District . The average age of the child recruited by the Karuna faction is 17 years , and many of the children were taken in group abductions in villages or near their homes .
 The term United Kingdom national includes : All British nationals who fall into one of the   following   categories under the British Nationality Act 1981 -LRB- or one of the corresponding categories under earlier legislation -RRB- : British citizens British Dependent Territories citizens British Nationals -LRB- Overseas -RRB- British Overseas citizens British subjects under Part IV of the Act British protected persons Companies incorporated under the law of the United Kingdom or of any territory for which the United Kingdom is internationally responsible . Rule II
 -LRB- d -RRB- The Sana'a Statement on Renewable Energy and Sustainable Development -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . In the Abu Dhabi Declaration on Environment and Energy , the Arab Ministers of Energy and Ministers of Environment agreed on a broad framework of measures and programmes expressing their political will towards developing a more effective role of the energy sector in the achievement of sustainable development in the region , and emphasizing the   following   : -LRB- a -RRB- The right of Arab countries to undertake the development and use of their energy resources , while securing oil and gas flows to international markets , particularly for countries depending on oil and gas revenues ;
 I would also like to add that if there is sufficient time left after the Committee concludes its thematic discussion of a specific subject and the introduction of draft resolutions for any given meeting , we could continue our discussions by moving to the next thematic subject on our timetable . Therefore ,   following   the concept of the rolling list of speakers we now have for the general debate , I appeal to all delegations to be always prepared to discuss the next thematic subject , if necessary . Mr. Najafi -LRB- Islamic Republic of Iran -RRB- : If it is the wish of the Committee to change the format of the meeting , we can certainly go along with that .
 The project offers an opportunity to promote the ratification by other countries in the region of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its Protocol to Prevent , Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons , Especially Women and Children -LRB- General Assembly resolution 55/25 , annexes I and II , respectively -RRB- . The project   follows   a similar project implemented in Uganda and is also based on the findings of the United Nations survey on kidnapping . Curbing clandestine immigration to the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
 As I have said above , disarmament , arms control and non-proliferation promote safety and peace for all countries - both major Powers and the weak and small . The first special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament stipulated that disarmament must   follow   the principle of undiminished security for all. In order to ensure that all States would be able to participate in negotiations in a constructive , worry-free manner , the CD decided to work by consensus . If majority decision is not appropriate for the CD , decision by a minority is much , much worse .
 On 15 October 2005 , the public information campaign on the draft Constitution was officially launched by the Independent Electoral Commission . On 17 October 2005 , the teachers who had been on strike since 5 September officially suspended their action   following   negotiations , the results of which have fallen short of expectations ; the Government was given until 31 December to act on the platform of demands put forward by the teachers ' unions . In the meantime , the Government has awarded every teacher a bonus of 6 , 000 Congolese francs -LRB- 13 United States dollars -RRB- .
 In order to rationalize the delivery of technical assistance and capacity-building in the area of trade and transport facilitation and in response to the call in annex D of the WTO 2004 July Package for collaborative efforts , UNCTAD continues to be engaged in promoting cooperative mechanisms that involve both public and private sector institutions . The inter-agency cooperation scheme instituted by the High-Level Committee on Programmes aims at coordination among UN institutions and related agencies , while the Global Facilitation Partnership   follows   a broader approach to cooperation and involves all stakeholders in the area of trade facilitation . The combination of these institutional arrangements reflects the present and future need to involve as wide a range of actors as possible in the efforts to support the negotiating process as well as the implementation of the results thereof .
 States were entitled to invoke necessity to safeguard their essential interests , but in the absence of specific practice it was difficult to envisage under what circumstances the same right should be extended to international organizations . The application of the concept to peacekeeping missions also raised difficulties , as such missions   followed   very clear rules of engagement . His delegation would therefore prefer to see the draft article deleted , so that it could not be invoked as a pretext for non-compliance with international obligations or for infringement of the rights of any third State .
 -LRB- iv -RRB- Conducting the affairs of the group or of a subsidiary in such a way that some classes of creditors might be prejudiced -LRB- for example , incurring liabilities to employees of one group member -RRB- -LRB- Poland -RRB- ; -LRB- v -RRB- Artificial fragmentation of a unitary enterprise into several entities for the purposes of insulating the single entity from potential liabilities ; failure to   follow   the formalities of treating group members as separate legal entities , including disregarding the limited liability of subsidiaries -LRB- USA -RRB- or confusing personal and corporate assets ; or where the corporate group structure is a mere sham or faade -LRB- UK , France -RRB- , such as where the corporate form is used as a device to circumvent statutory or contractual obligations ; -LRB- vi -RRB- Inadequate capitalization of the company , so that it does not have an adequate capital basis for carrying out its operations -LRB- USA -RRB- .
 While collection of data from terrorist use of telecommunications and the Internet can be invaluable to police and intelligence services , it can also threaten the privacy of individual law-abiding citizens . Governments and businesses should work closely to ensure that proper lawful procedures are   followed   concerning the collection , retaining and handling of such data . Internet : Internet service providers and other businesses can work with governments to counter the misuse of the Internet by terrorists and to prevent the facilitation of the final steps from extremism to terrorism .
 At its 7th and 8th meetings , on 12 October , the Conference of the Parties held consultations of government experts on protection of witnesses and victims , assistance to and protection of victims of trafficking in persons , the status of such victims in receiving States and repatriation of victims of trafficking in persons , under agenda items 2 -LRB- b -RRB- , 3 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- and 4 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- . During the consultations , views were expressed by government experts from the   following   States : Azerbaijan , Belgium , Brazil , Canada , Germany , Iran -LRB- Islamic Republic of -RRB- , Italy , Japan , Latvia , Mexico , Morocco , Norway , Philippines , South Africa , United Kingdom , United States , Venezuela -LRB- Bolivarian Republic of -RRB- and Zimbabwe . The observer for the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees made a statement .
 The first country that the Special Rapporteur visited after his appointment in December 1994 , Georgia , was also the first country to follow this recommendation . The Special Rapporteur strongly encourages the other States he has visited , i.e. Mongolia , Nepal , China and Jordan , to   follow   the example of Georgia and deposit their instrument of ratification soon . He remains at the disposal of the States parties to the Optional Protocol to assist them in their efforts to establish truly independent and effective national preventive mechanisms .
 The State party must end the culture of impunity with regard to traffickers and ensure that the perpetrators were held publicly accountable . She also wished to know the extent of the wage gap between men and women , and wondered whether the State party was   following   the guidelines of the International Labour Organization -LRB- ILO -RRB- in its efforts to ensure an equal wage for work of equal conditions . Ms. Dairiam said that the memoranda of understanding to be signed between Cambodia and other countries should explicitly state that women victims of trafficking could not be prosecuted .
 Major petroleum exporters , representing yet another fifth of developing countries ' exports as a group , recorded significant export growth of 35.3 per cent owing mainly to the rise in oil prices by 41 per cent . Among developing regions , North Africa experienced the greatest trade expansion -LRB- 35.1 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by West Asia -LRB- 30.6 per cent -RRB- , South America -LRB- 27.5 per cent -RRB- , sub-Saharan Africa -LRB- 22.2 per cent -RRB- , South and South-East Asia -LRB- 18.8 per cent -RRB- and the Caribbean -LRB- 14.1 per cent -RRB- . South-South trade is intensifying , as 42 per cent of developing countries ' exports were destined to other developing countries , and represented some 14 per cent of the world 's total exports in 2003 .
 He shared the Commission 's disappointment at the progress made with regard to the representation of women in the common system . The establishment of focal points for gender issues was an example which all the organizations should   follow   . While the ICSC recommendations were welcome , an element of managerial accountability for the achievement of gender goals should be introduced .
 After the election of the Chairpersons of the First and Fifth Committees at a later date , the General Committee of the General Assembly for its sixty-first session will then be fully constituted in accordance with rule 38 of the rules of procedure . Before concluding this meeting , I would like to inform members that the list of speakers for the   following   two high-level meetings are now open : the High-level Dialogue on International Migration and Development , and the high-level meeting on the midterm comprehensive review of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 . Delegates wishing to be inscribed on the list of speakers for the two high-level meetings are requested to contact the General Assembly Affairs branch , as well as to consult the Journal for further details .
 Grave sexual violence against girls and women in Darfur continues to worsen . During the reporting period , United Nations personnel were   following   up on a series of 20 cases in Gereida and near Kalma camp -LRB- Southern Darfur -RRB- of girls being attacked late at night and rendered unconscious through the use of neck piercing , strangulation and/or drugs before being raped . Many of these attacks are reportedly carried out by uniformed men .
 He drew their attention to paragraphs 8 to 11 of draft resolution A/C.1/60/L.48 , concerning the organization and work of the Third Review Conference , which the First Committee of the United Nations General Assembly had adopted in October 2005 . Bearing in mind those provisions and the recommendations made by the Group of Governmental Experts on that issue at its twelfth session , he proposed that the Third Review Conference should be organized as   follows   . It would be held in Geneva from 7 to 17 November 2006 ; all the preparations for the Conference would be undertaken within the framework of the Group of Governmental Experts , at its sessions in 2006 .
 Coulter said that implementation and monitoring mechanisms should include fact-finding , information sharing , monitoring reports and recommendations and be linked to the future United Nations Human Rights Council . He also suggested that it would be useful to have a joint commission on indigenous peoples ' rights to lands and resources , including indigenous and State representatives ,   following   the example of the United Nations Commission on Permanent Sovereignty over Natural Resources that had been set up in 1958 within the framework of decolonization . The Commission would , among other tasks , carry out further studies and make recommendations on land and resource rights , and also implement , monitor and promote the rights in the declaration .
 Qui Nhon -LRB- Viet Nam -RRB- and Matale -LRB- Sri Lanka -RRB- have adopted a community-based solid waste management system from Dhaka . The municipality of Phnom Penh appointed a housing rights officer   following   an ESCAP/United Nations Human Settlements Programme workshop on housing rights . ESCAP and the provincial and local governments of Battambang in Cambodia replicated a rural-urban linkages approach in income generation from Indonesia and the Philippines .
 Demands that all Ivorian parties end all incitement to hatred and violence , in radio and television broadcasting as well as in any other media , and urges the Prime Minister to establish and implement without delay a code of conduct for the media , in conformity with the decisions taken at Yamoussoukro on 5 July 2006 and the decision of the Peace and Security Council ; Requests the African Union and the Economic Community of West African States to continue to monitor and   follow   up closely the implementation of the peace process , and invites them to review before 1 February 2007 the progress achieved , and should they deem it appropriate , to review the situation again between that date and 31 October 2007 , and requests them to report to the Council , through the Secretary-General , on their assessment and , if necessary , to submit to the Council any new recommendations ; - shall be the sole authority authorized to arbitrate with a view to preventing or resolving any problems or disputes related to the electoral process , in liaison with the Mediator ;
 - establish as soon as possible , in liaison with the Prime Minister , a precise timetable for the implementation of the main components of the road map , - evaluate , monitor and   follow   up closely the progress achieved in implementing the road map on a monthly basis , - report to the Council , through the Secretary-General , on its assessment of the progress achieved and on any obstacles encountered by the Prime Minister in carrying out his mandate set out in paragraph 7 above ,
 A template was created to evaluate and prioritize vulnerable sectors and possible adaptation measures . The water resources sector was found to be the highest priority ,   followed   by agriculture , then health . It was noted that the declaration of development and environment ministers of member countries of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development on integrating climate change adaptation into development cooperation , adopted on 4 April 2006 , encourages regional initiatives that include common actions on impacts and vulnerability assessment and adaptation options , in order to promote transboundary initiatives , encourage South-South cooperation and avoid duplicated efforts .
 By a letter dated 24 October 2005 , the Chairman advised the Permanent Representative of New Zealand that he would be unable to travel during the period of the referendum owing to other commitments , but indicated that he would consult other members of the Special Committee with the aim of designating a representative to represent him .  Following   these consultations , the Chairman appointed Ambassador Robert Aisi of Papua New Guinea to represent him . Ambassador Aisi was accompanied by Lone Jessen of the Decolonization Unit of the Department of Political Affairs .
 - establish as soon as possible , in liaison with the Prime Minister , a precise timetable for the implementation of the main components of the road map , - evaluate , monitor and   follow   up closely the progress achieved in implementing the road map on a monthly basis , - report to the Council , through the Secretary-General , on its assessment of the progress achieved and on any obstacles encountered by the Prime Minister in carrying out his mandate set out in paragraph 7 above ,
 Review of changes in national systems Any significant changes in the functions of the national systems reported by Parties included in Annex I or identified by the expert review team during the in-country visit that may affect the preparation of greenhouse gas inventories in conformity with Article 5 , paragraph 2 , and the guidelines for national systems should be reviewed annually in conjunction with the annual inventory review . The scope of such a review shall   follow   the scope set out for the in-country review according to paragraph 100 above . Identification of problems The expert review team shall assess whether the Party included in Annex I has established and maintained the specific inventory planning components covered in paragraph 12 of the guidelines for national systems , on the basis of a review of the information provided on the national system under Article 7 and any additional information gathered .
 When a multilateral treaty thus provides in advance for the making only of particular , designated categories of reservations , there is clearly a high probability , if not an actual presumption , that reservations made in terms used in the treaty are intended to relate to the corresponding categories in the treaty , even when States do not meticulously   follow   the pattern set out in the reservation clause . -LRB- 8 -RRB- Another particularly famous and widely discussed example of a clause authorizing reservations -LRB- which falls under the second category mentioned above -RRB- is found in article 57 -LRB- ex 64 -RRB- of the European Convention on Human Rights :
 Reproduced in A/CN.4/552 , para . Draft article 6 reads as   follows   : Treaties relating to the occasion for resort to armed conflict
 I hope the Government will consider filling some of those gaps , particularly the payment of teachers ' salaries and fees for health services .  Following   the findings of my mission , I have also approved a Central Emergency Response Fund -LRB- CERF -RRB- grant of $ 21 million to cover the most urgent additional needs resulting from the most recent wave of displacement in recent months , which is not covered by the work plan that we issued in November of last year for 2006 . We also urgently need new and substantial contributions from donors for the rest of the Sudan .
 General objectives During the reporting period , the Office continued to   follow   a dual approach of working on immediate protection issues while helping to strengthen national institutions to safeguard and uphold respect for human rights under the rule of law , and to develop policies , laws and practices consistent with Cambodia 's international human rights commitments . The Office worked to foster an enabling environment to advance respect for human rights , for non-governmental organizations -LRB- NGOs -RRB- and other groups of civil society to be able to carry out their work in accordance with the Declaration on Human Rights Defenders , and for Cambodia 's citizens to participate knowledgeably and actively in the conduct of political and public life , and in decisions that affect their welfare .
 In November 2004 , the Ministry of the Interior provided the Special Representative with a reply to a list of 178 selected cases that the Office had submitted to relevant authorities in February 2004 with a request that they review the cases and advise on the current status or outcomes of criminal investigations or judicial processes . The Office   followed   up on the Government 's response in several cases , including those that had been sent to the courts . It also monitored law enforcement efforts and court proceedings in relation to several contract-style killings of known public figures carried out in Phnom Penh from early 2003 to May 2004 , including labour leaders Chea Vichea and Ros Sovannareth , whose cases are also before the Committee on Freedom of Association , the International Labour Organization -LRB- ILO -RRB- .
 Draft articles 1 to 3 were adopted at the fifty-fifth session -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , draft articles 4 to 7 at the fifty-sixth session -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and draft articles 8 to 16 at the fifty-seventh session -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .  Following   the recommendations of the Commission -LRB- Official Records of the General Assembly , Fifty-seventh Session , Supplement No. 10 , and corrigendum -LRB- A/57/10 and Corr.1 -RRB- , paras. 464 and 488 and ibid. , Fifty-eighth Session , Supplement No. 10 -LRB- A/58/10 -RRB- , para. 52. -RRB- , the Secretariat , on annual basis , has been circulating the relevant chapter of the report of the Commission to international organizations asking for their comments and for any relevant materials which they could provide to the Commission . For comments from Governments and international organizations , see A/CN.4/545 , A/CN.4/547 , A/CN.4/556 and A/CN.4/568 and Add.1 .
 Legislation concerning safe work , not harmful to health , as provided by a general regulation of Act XCIII of 1993 on Occupational Safety , covers those employed in organized work. Para 87 of Article 9 of the Act on Occupational Safety defines organized work as follows : In order to ensure that work is safe and not harmful to health , employers must , under the Act on Occupational Safety ,   follow   the provisions of ministerial decrees and ensure compliance with the provisions and require their workforce to comply with those provisions . The occupational safety representative representing the employees ' interests concerning safe work - if such representative -LRB- s -RRB- have been elected - may , with a view of implementing the provisions of applicable legislation and regulations in practice , make observations , and recommendations to the employer on issues beyond the employer 's compulsory jurisdiction .
 Poorer countries would require significantly more development assistance if they were to achieve those Goals on time . International commitments needed to be implemented , monitored and   followed   up . Recent initiatives to enhance multilateral dialogue and policy coordination , coherence and cooperation on key systemic issues relating to the international financial system were welcome .
 Education and rural economic activity each constituted 23 per cent of UNCDF investments in 2005 . These were   followed   by water supply -LRB- 18 per cent -RRB- , health -LRB- 12 per cent -RRB- and roads , bridges , and culverts -LRB- 9 per cent -RRB- . More than 60 per cent of all investments were dedicated to enhancing access to social services and infrastructure .
 Cameroon-Nigeria Mixed Commission : Coming activities to be performed The Cameroon-Nigeria Mixed-Commission was established to   follow   up the implementation of the 10 October 2002 ruling of the International Court of Justice on the territorial dispute between the two countries . The Mixed Commission is composed of Cameroon , Nigeria , and the United Nations .
 Mr. Mayoral -LRB- Argentina -RRB- -LRB- spoke in Spanish -RRB- : At the outset , I should like to state that Argentina voted in favour of resolution 1737 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , just adopted , because the resolution reaffirms the inalienable right enjoyed by all States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons under articles I and II of the Treaty to develop , research , produce and use nuclear energy for peaceful purposes without discrimination . At the same time , on behalf of my Government , I express our confidence that the Government of Iran will in the future pursue its nuclear programme exclusively for peaceful purposes ,   following   the parameters established by the International Atomic Energy Agency and the relevant resolutions of the Security Council . Moreover , on a different point , we note our satisfaction that the resolution was adopted unanimously and under article 41 of the United Nations Charter .
 The General Assembly should hold the Council accountable for the implementation of the measures it recommended for itself . However , we will be more pleased when those reforms become permanent so that the Security Council can have predictable rules that can be   followed   by everyone . Chapter VIII of the United Nations Charter envisages situations in which the Security Council may utilize regional organizations by virtue of their proximity to and knowledge of a particular conflict .
 Indeed , a fundamental reform of the Security Council 's working methods and decision-making process must be at the very heart of a comprehensive reform process , so that an expanded and reformed Council is seen by all States , and especially by small States such as Rwanda , to be more transparent , credible , legitimate and representative . We welcome the modest efforts by the Council to improve its working methods   following   the recommendations of its internal Informal Working Group on Documentation and Other Procedural Questions . At the 2005 World Summit our heads of State recommended that we enhance the accountability of the Security Council to the general membership of the United Nations and increase the transparency , efficiency and effectiveness of its work .
 Tanzania has already benefited from 100 per cent debt cancellation under the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative . We encourage other multilateral institutions and bilateral donors to   follow   suit . We are now implementing the second phase of our Poverty Reduction Strategy , called the National Strategy for Growth and Reduction of Poverty , which is our national framework for the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDGs -RRB- as internationally agreed targets for reducing , by 2015 , poverty , hunger , disease , illiteracy , environmental degradation and discrimination against women .
 At the first parliamentary elections in 1990 , conducted according to the majority rule , 5 or 4.2 per cent of 120 members of Parliament were women . In 1994 , the next parliamentary elections were conducted   following   the same model. Thus , of a total 120 members of Parliament , 4 or 3.3 per cent were women . At the third , 1998 , parliamentary elections , which were conducted following the mixed model , namely a combination of the majority and proportional electoral model , 9 or 7.5 per cent of the 120 members of Parliament were women .
 During the academic year 2004/2005 , most technical faculties at the universities of Skopje and Bitola introduced three-year studies , oriented towards the needs of the labour market . The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia is   following   the activity of the European Network of Qualifications , and is going to prepare a national network of qualifications . Through the TEMPUS project , inclusion in the third phase of the TUNING project financed by the European Commission is expected .
 This will mean that the linear distribution of funds will be abandoned and that the funding system to stimulate the quality and discourage low-quality work and manipulations in educational establishments will be implemented . At the same time the distribution of funds must   follow   the logic of giving advantages to State priorities . Partial funding will be carried out on the basis of distribution of education funds from the central budget to municipalities in the form of block allocations .
 Three types of activity are required : institutional arrangements and stakeholder engagement ; descriptions of assessment processes and activities ; and implementation . Most small island developing States are beginning a process of assessing adaptation measures and the technologies or expertise required for implementation ,   following   the staged approach endorsed by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention . The approach first investigates vulnerability in all sectors and regions .
 UNIDO had fully supported the Panel 's efforts from the outset , inter alia by hosting a Panel meeting in Vienna in May 2006 . In helping take the Panel 's recommendations forward , UNIDO would closely   follow   the review processes shortly to be initiated at various levels , including the consultations to be led by the President of the General Assembly , the views presented by the present Secretary-General and his successor , the common position developed by the Chief Executives Board , consultations among specialized agencies with similar interests and dialogue among UNIDO Member States . UNIDO 's position on the detailed recommendations of the Panel must draw on those consultative processes and build on Member States ' views .
 Given that the initial limitation adopted in draft article 64 will have been adopted by consensus , any amendment should be adopted in the same manner . Any amendment adopted by the Commission should ,   following   the normal practice , be referred to the General Assembly for approval upon the recommendation of the Commission . Draft paragraph 5
 Assiduous efforts on the part of the Secretary-General with the parties involved are urgently required to end the oppression to which Seittan Nemer Al-Walee and other Syrian prisoners from the occupied Syrian Golan are being subjected , especially since some of them have been imprisoned for more than 20 years in inhumane and degrading conditions . Similarly , Israeli criminality constitutes a defiance of the wishes of the Security Council and of the international community as well as a violation of international law and international humanitarian law , and to   follow   up on such matters is one of the Council 's essential duties . These inhumane Israeli practices also contravene the provisions of Security Council resolution 497 , which declared that the Israeli decision to impose its laws , jurisdiction and administration in the occupied Syrian Golan was null and void and without legal basis .
 At the 12th meeting , on 7 December 2006 , Mr. Musa Burayzat -LRB- Jordan -RRB- , Vice-President of the Council , in his capacity as Facilitator of the expert advice segment of the Working Group on the implementation of paragraph 6 of General Assembly resolution 60/251 , presented an update on the progress made during the first session of the Working Group -LRB- A/HRC/3/6 and A/HRC/3/CRP.4 -RRB- established pursuant to Council 's decision 1/104 of 30 June 2006 . During the ensuing discussion , at the same meeting , the   following   made statements : At the same meeting , Mr. Burayzat responded to questions and made his concluding remarks .
 Administrative heads of peacekeeping missions must be held accountable for submitting procurement plans on time , with submissions monitored on a quarterly basis . Sound planning would indicate whether the mission was capable of meeting its procurement requirements and help to ensure that appropriate procedures were   followed   , thus eliminating the need for exigency and ex post facto actions . Noting that the average lead time for contract approvals ranged from 7 to 461 days , he stressed the need for measures to shorten the contracting process .
 Mr. Abdelmannan -LRB- Sudan -RRB- recalled the importance of increasing the share of the Organization 's procurement needs met by developing and transition countries . The Secretariat and the Procurement Service must devote more attention to evaluating the capabilities of suppliers in such countries and to disseminating information to them about the Organization 's procurement needs and the procedures to be   followed   for responding to tenders . New ways of encouraging suppliers from developing and transition countries should be developed and the reform process should include new rules relating to the need to encourage procurement from them .
 The impact of sanctions both on the target and on third States , particularly the most vulnerable in society , should be assessed and remedied . Above all , the listing and delisting of individuals and entities on sanctions lists should   follow   due process . To that end , we stress the need for due consultation with Member States whose citizens or entities within their territories are to be included on a list .
 The Trilateral Parties concluded that every method identified could reveal weapon secrets if inspectors were allowed access to the raw measurement data . Therefore , direct , quantitative measurements   following   normal IAEA safeguards practices were ruled out . It was then agreed that the IAEA verification of weapon-origin fissile material would be based upon measurements that would provide the most robust verification , but the measurement systems would be designed in such a manner that IAEA inspectors would only be presented with
 On 20 August 2006 , the CEI announced the provisional results of the first round of the presidential election of 30 July on national television . President Joseph Kabila was in first position , with 7 , 590 , 485 votes , or 44.81 per cent of the total votes cast ,   followed   by Vice-President Jean-Pierre Bemba , with 3 , 392 , 592 votes , or 20.03 per cent of the total , and the leader of the Parti lumumbiste unifi , Antoine Gizenga , with 2 , 211 , 290 votes , or 13.06 per cent of the total . The two leading candidates , Joseph Kabila and Jean-Pierre Bemba , will again be contenders in the second round of the presidential election , scheduled for 29 October 2006 , which will be held at the same time as the provincial elections .
 Periodic reports by States parties should be presented in three parts , as follows : Part II. Information on new measures and new developments relating to the implementation of the Convention   Following   the order of articles 1 to 16 , as appropriate -LRB- a -RRB- This part should describe in detail :
 Data on outflows from those countries indicate that the average annual number of migrant workers leaving from them generally increased between 1990-1994 and 2000-2003 -LRB- table 5 -RRB- . In recent years , the Philippines has been the origin of the largest outflows of migrant workers ,   followed   by Indonesia and India , and Sri Lanka and Thailand . Women predominate among migrant workers from Sri Lanka and Indonesia .
 The conference discussed means of extending humanitarian assistance to areas affected by the drought that has ravaged the Horn of Africa recently . I sent a number of letters to the Foreign Ministers of Member States requesting payment of their shares of the support allocated by the Algiers Summit to Somalia. The Secretariat-General has only received the   following   financial contributions for Somalia from Member States :  I received from the permanent representative of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia memorandum 324/1/19/248 of 22 February 2006 on implementation of the resolution of the Algiers Summit in support of the Republic of Somalia , advising that the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia had agreed to pay the Kingdom 's share of the financial support to Somalia in six instalments , the first of which is currently US $ 606 , 666 .
 It is important to define the main features of Joint Arab Action during the decades prior to the Amman Summit -LRB- 2001 -RRB- to enable us to formulate practical and executable ideas that respond to the vision of the development of Arab Action across the board. These features are as follows :  The Arab system is bulky , encompassing numerous agencies , having   followed   the United Nations in creating specialized bureaux and organizations ; it contains agencies behind agencies of various kinds : organizations , funds , professional federations , ministerial councils and sector-based permanent committees . Additionally , there is the rapid advance and new role of Arab private sector organizations , chambers of commerce and industry etc. and civil society organizations working in various fields .
 To give concrete form to this , the Summit adopted resolution 293 -LRB- Algiers , 23 May 2005 -RRB- , under which a board to monitor implementation of resolutions was created , to consist of representatives from the Member States of the special Summit Troika and representatives from the Member States of the Special Ministerial Troika . It task would be to   follow   up Member States ' implementation of their obligations as stipulated in the Charter or arising from resolutions of the Council of the League at summit level . The Council of the League at ministerial level , in its first ordinary or extraordinary session , would approve the board 's constitution , the manner of executing its duties and its operational procedures .
 The Council shall strive to give as much explanation and clarification as possible of the methods and procedures followed in data collection and processing , ensure harmony between national and pan-Arab priorities and clarify the analytical frameworks so that States might benefit from the data collected . It will be necessary to   follow   the development of indicators with qualitative studies and research to explain the driving forces of a phenomenon , to develop a methodology to determine priorities and give clear forecasts and predictions , address problems of determining at which level a phenomenon becomes worthy of study and provide comparative time series . The information system must also possess flexibility and the capacity to respond to the demands of modern social progress .
 Of the resulting communications , 126 have been submitted to the COP -LRB- out of 130 submissions so far -RRB- . Another two second national communications -LRB- out of three submitted so far -RRB- were assisted by the GEF and submitted to the COP ,   following   these operational guidelines . In response to decision 2/CP.4 , the GEF Council approved in October 1999 operational guidelines for expedited financing for interim measures for capacity-building in priority areas -LRB- called top-up activities -RRB- .
 These proportions could change as it expected that projects worth at least USD 250 million will still be approved in fiscal year 2006 . An analysis of the 2006-2007 GEF pipeline -LRB- see figure 2 -RRB- reveals that renewable energy will continue to be the largest portfolio -LRB- in value -RRB- ,   followed   by energy efficiency and sustainable transport -LRB- a growing portfolio -RRB- . There are some large projects in sustainable transport , fuel cells , improving the efficiency of power plants , energy efficient equipment , geothermal energy , one focusing on integrated gasification for combined cycle and a number of large-scale renewable energy programmes .
 In addition , the RAF should allow each country to integrate GEF projects into their normal development operational cycle on the basis of the expected GEF resources . China , India and the Russian Federation are likely to receive the most under the RAF formula ,   followed   by Brazil , Mexico , Poland and South Africa , followed by a group of countries that includes Argentina , Egypt , Indonesia , Iran , Kazakhstan , Malaysia , Pakistan , Romania , Thailand , Turkey , Ukraine and Venezuela . In the past , the GEF tended to provide a higher level of resources in those countries with a greater potential for GHG emission reduction .
 In addition , the RAF should allow each country to integrate GEF projects into their normal development operational cycle on the basis of the expected GEF resources . China , India and the Russian Federation are likely to receive the most under the RAF formula , followed by Brazil , Mexico , Poland and South Africa ,   followed   by a group of countries that includes Argentina , Egypt , Indonesia , Iran , Kazakhstan , Malaysia , Pakistan , Romania , Thailand , Turkey , Ukraine and Venezuela . In the past , the GEF tended to provide a higher level of resources in those countries with a greater potential for GHG emission reduction .
 While the functions of the regional offices differ somewhat depending on the needs of each region , all of the regional offices will play a leadership role in managing and providing integrated technical , programmatic and managerial expertise to country offices . They would also be responsible for oversight , follow-up to audits , monitoring and evaluation , and other strategic functions , as well as   following   up with headquarters on issues regarding human resources , finance and resource mobilization , as the present geographical divisions do . Overall management and human resources functions , however , will remain at headquarters .
 -LRB- c -RRB- Other human-resources-related costs : $ 0.1 million is the estimated incremental cost due to non-salary staff costs associated with regionalization . The major components of the reductions in recurrent costs are estimated as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- Release of premises : a reduction of $ 1.4 million resulting from the release of premises at headquarters due to the relocation of staff to regional offices -LRB- - $ 1.0 million -RRB- and from the release of premises at country offices in circumstances where , to seek efficiency gains , staff will relocate to the premises of regional offices and subregional support offices -LRB- - $ 0.4 million -RRB- ;
 In a letter dated 22 May 2006 to the President of the Security Council -LRB- S/2006/313 -RRB- , the Secretary-General informed the Council that the Group had been re-established for a period of six months . It shares its administrative and logistical support , especially for making travel arrangements , including obtaining visas and security clearance , and other administrative backup with the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for the Great Lakes Region , which allows the Monitoring Group to   follow   up quickly on investigative leads . The current mandate of the Monitoring Group will expire on 3 December 2006 .
 It showed that the gap between the relatively richest and poorest countries was considerably narrowed , and the ranking by per capita expenditures was substantially changed . The other regions are   following   their own timetable to publish results . Two publication dates , September and December 2007 , have been established for the global results .
 I am continuing , with the assistance of Bureau members , to actively consult all regional groups on the candidature for that post . Given the absence of a chairperson for Working Group I , we in the Bureau have decided to offer the Commission the   following   programme of work , which reflects a few necessary changes , for the remainder of the week . The last plenary meeting devoted to the general exchange of views will be held this afternoon .
 The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications . Subsequently , the   following   countries also joined in sponsoring the draft resolution : Afghanistan , Australia , Bhutan , Bolivia , Burkina Faso , Burundi , Cameroon , Costa Rica , Dominican Republic , Ecuador , Eritrea , Estonia , Gambia , Grenada , Kazakhstan , Kuwait , Madagascar , Mali , Micronesia -LRB- Federated States of -RRB- , Papua New Guinea , Saint Lucia , Sierra Leone , Solomon Islands , Spain , Sudan , Suriname , Swaziland , Tajikistan , Turkmenistan , Uganda , United Republic of Tanzania , Yemen and Zimbabwe . After the adoption of the draft resolution , a statement was made by the representative of Japan .
 The Government and every other party are duty-bound to accelerate the achievement of a political settlement , because peace is indivisible . Anyone who has   followed   the progress of the Abuja negotiations knows that our Government is serious and eager to achieve that objective . Let me reaffirm that a political settlement is the key to a solution , because it would focus on eliminating the root causes of the crisis .
 Pakistan was in favour of strengthening UNEP , as the lead United Nations agency responsible for spearheading such efforts . Observing that the UNEP Secretariat was being reorganized , Pakistan hoped that the principles of transparency and equitable geographical representation would be   followed   in making fresh appointments at all locations and at all levels . Little progress had been made in implementation of the Bali Strategic Plan for Technology Support and Capacity-Building .
 At the 638th and 643rd meetings , on 20 and 22 February , the Chairman informed the Subcommittee that requests had been received from Angola , Azerbaijan , Belarus , Bolivia , the Dominican Republic , Switzerland , Tunisia , Yemen and Zimbabwe to attend the session as observers .  Following   past practice , those States were invited to send delegations to attend the current session of the Subcommittee and address it as appropriate , without prejudice to further requests of that nature ; that action did not involve any decision of the Subcommittee concerning status but was a courtesy that the Subcommittee extended to those delegations . The following United Nations entities were represented at the session by observers : the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization -LRB- UNESCO -RRB- , the United Nations Institute for Training and Research -LRB- UNITAR -RRB- , the World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- , the World Meteorological Organization -LRB- WMO -RRB- and the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- .
 Recommendations of the First Committee The First Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft resolutions : United Nations regional centres for peace and disarmament
 The updated criteria serve as categories of acts of omission or commission that constitute impediments to the peace process or threats to stability .  Following   the approach adopted by the previous Panel in the presentation of information to the Committee , the present Panel is providing information on specific individuals , identified by the Panel as committing acts falling within the categories mentioned in annex II , confidentially to the Committee in a separate document . C. Violations of international humanitarian or human rights law
 Those resolutions have called on Israel to renounce its nuclear option and place its nuclear installations under international inspection and the safeguards agreement , and to seek to establish a nuclear-weapon-free zone , which has no room for policies of nuclear terrorism . Our disappointment is also caused by the failure of the international community to send a clear message to Israel affirming its sincere will and vigorous efforts to implement the principle of nuclear non-proliferation , rather than continue to   follow   the policy of nuclear hypocrisy pursued by some States , which will only lead to further risk to international peace and security . My delegation stresses that silencing the voice of right this time , in the face of the Israeli nuclear threat and risk in the Middle East region , through aborting the draft resolution will not be repeated ad infinitum .
 Recommendation of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee -LRB- Fourth Committee -RRB- The Special Political and Decolonization Committee -LRB- Fourth Committee -RRB- recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft resolution : Effects of atomic radiation
 On that point , the Assistant Secretary-General for Mission Support , the Chef de Cabinet , the Head of OIOS , the Under-Secretary-General for Management and I are all fully on board with the Secretary-General 's position that we need to be proactive and aggressive in detecting and dealing swiftly with this critical issue . If allegations are proven   following   due process , dishonest people should be fired and face justice . That is as important here as it is in the case of sex crimes , which constitute a different and most egregious category of offence and demand the highest degree of vigilance .
 And , as expected , in rendering justice before the local populations they are there to serve , the troop contributors and the United Nations were able to retain the confidence of those local populations . More Member States need to be encouraged to   follow   that example , and the Committee of 34 should , through the General Assembly , invite all those countries that are able to conduct courts martial in the mission area to in fact do so . The Committee of 34 should also establish modalities for that purpose .
 Those considerations should be applied mutatis mutandis to the three components of peacekeeping operations , namely , civilian , military and police personnel . It is not appropriate for each of those components to   follow   a substantively different set of rules on the same issue . The President : The next speaker inscribed on my list is the representative of Singapore .
 ICAO has requested that various aspects of the Programme be developed and specified . NATIONAL QUALITY CONTROL PROGRAMME : Aerocivil needs to improve components of the quality control programme , in particular , by incorporating more detailed procedures to be scrupulously   followed   by anyone taking part in security schemes . Detailed explanations must be given with regard to all aspects of airport infrastructure , the certification of staff assigned to airport security , quality controls of the operational part and surveillance of staff forming the aviation security chain .
 The connectivity of countries with the global liner shipping network depends on a number of factors that include a country 's ports , the size of the deployed ships , the number of destinations served , and also the level of competition among shipping companies . Based on these criteria , the best connected countries are located in East Asia ,   followed   by European countries , and the United States . Most of the worst connected countries are LDCs. -LRB- The specific situation of landlocked countries will be looked at in chapter IV -RRB- .
 Ways to improve maritime transport connectivity Although in principle supply   follows   demand when shipping lines deploy their ships to those countries with the largest trade volumes , it is also true that demand follows supply , as trade volumes can be enhanced as a result of improved transport connectivity . The supply of direct liner shipping services is to a large extent determined by traded volumes , port characteristics and the geographic position of a country 's ports .
 Ways to improve maritime transport connectivity Although in principle supply follows demand when shipping lines deploy their ships to those countries with the largest trade volumes , it is also true that demand   follows   supply , as trade volumes can be enhanced as a result of improved transport connectivity . The supply of direct liner shipping services is to a large extent determined by traded volumes , port characteristics and the geographic position of a country 's ports .
 Under article 18 the ICC Rules , the arbitral tribunal must in all cases draw the terms of reference and a timetable for the proceedings . While the general rule contained in current article 15 , paragraph -LRB- 1 -RRB- does not preclude tribunals from holding preparatory consultations or meetings , the Working Group might wish to consider whether a provision should be included in the UNCITRAL Rules expressly conferring the power on the arbitral tribunal to hold such consultations or meetings at an appropriate stage of the proceedings , whether   following   a request by the parties or at its own initiative . Consolidation of cases before arbitral tribunals
 As to the evidentiary effect of the bill of lading consigned to a named person that is in the hands of this person , the choice is between : -LRB- i -RRB-   Following   the ordinary rule for non-negotiable transport documents : the document is prima facie evidence in accordance with article 43 -LRB- a -RRB- , or -LRB- ii -RRB- Emphasizing the additional security that the bill of lading consigned to a named person gives this person and to provide it with the additional benefit of the document becoming conclusive evidence towards the carrier .
 It is assumed that the provisions relating to the legal effect of transport documents will not be of a mandatory nature . It is believed that the requirement that the presentation rule must be indicated in the document   follows   the current practice . When a carrier is requested by the shipper to consign the bill of lading to a named person , a carrier will use its standard bill of lading form .
 The law should provide that , once a security right is made effective against third parties , the security right continues in the encumbered assets in the hands of a third party except as otherwise specifically provided in recommendations 68 bis , 69 and 69 bis . -LSB- Note to the Working Group : The Working Group may wish to note that recommendation 68 is designed to state the rule that the secured creditor may   follow   the asset in the hands of a transferee -LRB- droit de suite , a rule stated somewhat differently in rec . 34 quater -RRB- -LRB- see A/CN.9/WG.VI/WP.26/Add.5 -RRB- . -RSB-
 A full mission report is now being prepared and will be submitted to the Council after consultation with Council members .  Following   the practice , it will then be circulated to all Member States as a United Nations document in time for a public meeting on the matter , tentatively scheduled for 6 December . Today , as the Head of the mission , I wish to present my views and impressions on some of the important issues .
 Mr. Basu -LRB- India -RRB- : If the entire spectrum of weaponry that is the focus of disarmament and arms control measures was to be placed within a pyramid , it would have a three-tiered structure . Nuclear weapons , our foremost priority , would constitute the top of the pyramid ,   followed   by chemical and biological weapons as the middle layer . But the broadest part of the pyramid would be made up of conventional weapons , including small arms and light weapons .
 Ms. Banda -LRB- Malawi -RRB- commented that the authorities had information about Somali and Ethiopian refugee boys and men between the ages of 17 and 25 being trafficked through Malawi , but only a few cases of women refugees being trafficked had been reported . Ms. Mchiela -LRB- Malawi -RRB- stated that the Ministry of Gender , Child Welfare and Community Services   followed   an approach taking account of the fact that , statistically , women lagged behind in many areas , such as literacy . Hence , the selection pool for potential women participants in decision-making was reduced .
 Pursuant to the Financial Rules for Voluntary Funds administered by the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees , we have the honour to submit the accounts for the year 2005 , certified as correct and approved in accordance with paragraph 11.4 of these Rules . We confirm , to the best of our knowledge and belief , and having made appropriate enquiries of other officials of the organisation , the   following   representations in connection with your audit of the financial statements of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees for the year ended 31 December 2005 : We are responsible for preparing financial statements , which properly present the activities of the organisation , and for making accurate representations to you .
 A representative of civil society organizations made a statement , on behalf of the International Coordinating Network on Palestine . Messages on the occasion were received from the Heads of State of the   following   countries : Afghanistan , Algeria , Bangladesh , Bahrain , Brazil , Brunei Darusalam , Chile , Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , Egypt , Guinea , Guyana , Indonesia , Iran -LRB- Islamic Republic of -RRB- , Jordan , Lao People 's Democratic Republic , Maldives , Mexico , Morocco , Qatar , Russian Federation , Senegal , Sri Lanka , Sudan , Tunisia , Turkey , United Arab Emirates and Viet Nam . Messages were received from the Heads of Government of the following countries : China , India , Malaysia , Mali , Mauritius and Thailand .
 The inalienable rights of the States parties to the NPT must also be respected without any discrimination . The General Assembly , by its resolution 60/72 , urged the States parties to the NPT to   follow   up the implementation of the nuclear disarmament obligations under the Treaty agreed in 1995 and 2000 within the framework of the 2010 NPT Review Conference and its Preparatory Committee . We continue to vigorously pursue this recommendation , and for that reason my delegation also supported draft resolution A/C.1/61/L.13/Rev.2 .
 District heating systems are the primary focus of the energy efficiency activities . Of the projects being implemented in non-Annex I Parties , most are in the Latin America and Caribbean region , 57 per cent ;   followed   by the Asia and Pacific region , 26 per cent ; and the Africa region , 17 per cent -LRB- figure 1 -RRB- . This indicates a high level of interest in the Latin America and Caribbean region for climate change mitigation activities , and a need for capacity-building in the Africa region .
 A total of 12 Parties included in Annex I to the Convention -LRB- Annex I Parties -RRB- are involved as investors in the AIJ under the pilot phase . Sweden continues to sponsor the largest number of activities ,   followed   by the United States of America . Some investing Parties -LRB- e.g. United States of America , Netherlands and Norway -RRB- have a diversified portfolio in terms of host countries , others focus on particular regions -LRB- e.g. Australia and Japan mainly support activities hosted by countries in the Asia and Pacific region , whereas Sweden supports projects in three EIT countries -RRB- .
 We urge all delegations to turn to the Human Rights Council for specific evaluations and follow-up of emergency situations which affect human rights in any part of the planet . We have been attentively   following   the process of building up the Council . Our country , which was born linked to international activity , and which during its history suffered both the consequences of the loss of human rights and the benefits of their recovery , remains committed to the strengthening of human rights throughout the world , and in particular the strengthening and consolidation of the United Nations human rights machinery .
 Speaking in his personal capacity , he explained that WSIS implementation and follow up should not only integrate implementing decisions and actions by all stakeholders , but also evaluation and review mechanisms , and policy debate . He underlined the need to integrate ICT into national development programmes , the role of UN Commissions and the need to   follow   up activities in line with the GA resolution 57/270B . There was also a need for coordination of post-WSIS activities between all relevant programmes and agencies through the creation of a possible Information Society Group .
 The draft text contains , in its first part , a draft outline of the objective , nature and underlying principles of the procedures and mechanisms provided in the submissions . Upon agreement on these procedures and mechanisms , Parties may wish to consider including them in the draft text and explicitly describing them as its conceptual basis ,   following   the example of some other multilateral environmental agreements . Alternatively , Parties may wish to to present them in a separate paper as background information on the views provided .
 If `` know your customer '' rules , and requirements to file suspicious transaction reports , are regarded by banks only as an unwelcome and expensive chore , with the main concern being to avoid reprimands or fines by national regulatory authorities and negative consequences for the bank 's commercial reputation , they are unlikely to be thorough or useful . This is even more the case when banks try to minimise the cost of   following   the rules and fail to provide proper training to their staff or adequate resources to support them . Even banks that wish to provide useful information and contribute to national and international efforts to counter terrorist financing will find it hard to do so unless they are able to give their staff clear guidance about what to look for .
 Certainly there are foreign fighters in Somalia who support Al-Itihaad Al-Islamiya -LRB- AIAI -RRB- and Hassan Dahir Aweys , both of which have been on the Consolidated List since 2001 . The challenge is to identify and marginalize those members of the Islamic Courts who   follow   AIAI , or a Taliban or Al-Qaida programme . One way to do this , and so contribute to stabilising Somalia , may be to add their names to the Consolidated List .
 In accordance with rule 38 of the provisional rules of procedure and the established practice of the United Nations Regional Cartographic Conferences for Asia and the Pacific , the Conference shall elect the Chairman of each technical committee , and shall authorize the committees to elect other officers , as may be required . It is recommended that the Conference   follow   the practice of United Nations conferences whereby an agreement is reached on the slate of candidates for the posts so that the Chairmen and other officers may be elected by acclamation , without a vote . -LRB- d -RRB- Organization of Conference work
 Nevertheless , the Agency hopes that it will be able to implement these critical reforms , which will enable it to more effectively reach those most in need .  Following   established practice , the annual report in draft form was distributed in advance to the members of the Advisory Commission , whose comments and observations were given careful consideration . The draft report was discussed with the Commission at a meeting held in Amman on 27 and 28 September 2006 .
 -LRB- 13 -RRB- The provisions presented in this revised Model Law set out that any requirement for writing , publication of information , the submission and opening of tenders , for a record or a meeting in the Model Law itself can be met by using any means of communication , electronic or otherwise , to the same effect . -LRB- In the context of a meeting , using electronic communications means that the participants can   follow   and participate in the proceedings by electronic means of communication . -RRB- Although the legal validity of such communications should explicitly be provided for in an enacting State 's general electronic commerce legislation , the procurement context requires specific and additional provision in areas such as regarding the submission of tenders under the provisions of articles 27 -LRB- h -RRB- , -LRB- q -RRB- , -LRB- r -RRB- and -LRB- z -RRB- , 30 , 31 -LRB- 2 -RRB- and 33 of the Model Law -LSB- update cross references -RSB- .
 Commentary In the context of a meeting , using electronic communications means that the participants can   follow   and participate in the proceedings through those electronic means . The Working Group may wish to consider whether the reference to electronic means of communication is appropriate given its stated wish to present technologically neutral provisions , and whether a reference to instantaneous or simultaneous communication would be required so as to provide the safeguards that the original article included .
 These Regulations also establish a licensing regime for Category I , II or III nuclear material , certified packages in transit and shipments made under Special Arrangement . The Regulations also establish procedures to be   followed   in the event of an incident or accident . Under the Nuclear Security Regulations , an application to transport Category I , II or III nuclear material must contain a written transportation security plan .
 Commission on Science and Technology for Development The Council elected the   following   15 Member States for a four-year term beginning on 1 January 2007 : Belarus , China , Cuba , the Dominican Republic , El Salvador , Eritrea , France , Germany , India , Iran -LRB- Islamic Republic of -RRB- , Latvia , Lesotho , Malaysia , Tunisia and Uganda . The Council postponed the election of two members from Western European and other States for a four-year term beginning on 1 January 2007 .
 Option 1 -LRB- b -RRB- : The Multilateral Fund of the Montreal Protocol following the principles and operational modalities as contained in this decision . Option 1 -LRB- c -RRB- : United Nations Development Programme -LRB- UNDP -RRB-   following   the principles and operational modalities as contained in this decision . Option 1 -LRB- d -RRB- : United Nations Environment Programme -LRB- UNEP -RRB- following the principles and operational modalities as contained in this decision .
 The Central Asian States had adopted a new text at a meeting in Tashkent in February 2005 . As he had explained earlier , they had   followed   the guidelines and recommendations adopted by the Disarmament Commission in 1999 to apply to arrangements freely arrived at among the States of the region concerned . His delegation would be pleased to provide further clarification if required .
 We are happy that we have an opportunity this week to go into greater depth on one of the issues of particular importance to the Conference on Disarmament . This session   follows   the previous sessions of the focused structured thematic debate as agreed on jointly at the start of the year by the six Presidents . In particular it forms part of the follow-up to the session on consideration of the issue of a future treaty on the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices .
 Mr. Kumalo -LRB- South Africa -RRB- , speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China on a point of order , said that his Group questioned the relevance to the current situation of the letter referred to by the representative of Austria . The Group of 77 and China had requested that the rules of procedure of the General Assembly should be   followed   . It wished to avoid recourse to rule 113 .
 If the European Union was not in fact proposing a motion for no action , the Committee should proceed as the rules of procedure of the General Assembly required . His delegation wished to remind the Committee that the European Union , at the previous meeting , had requested a recorded vote on the draft resolution , and to urge the Chairman to ensure that the rules of procedure of the General Assembly were   followed   . Mr. Cabral -LRB- Guinea-Bissau -RRB- said that he wished to echo the views of the representative of Egypt and stress that , whatever the frustrations delegations felt , they must remain measured in their reactions and avoid inappropriate language .
 But the comfort level varies ; Sexuality and Sexual Habits has the lowest comfort level , 71.4 % . This is   followed   by self and interpersonal relationship with seventy six percent -LRB- 76.2 % -RRB- . These two themes have the lowest number of principals being very comfortable with teaching them in the schools .
 Category IX Impeding the process of peace negotiations The Panel has   followed   closely the changes within the structure of SLM/A since June/July 2005 . Of particular interest to the Panel has been the impact of the leadership struggle within the Movement  essentially between Abdul Wahid Mohamed al-Nur and Minni Arko Minawi  on the ability of the Movement to participate effectively in , and advance , the Abuja process .
 When a multilateral treaty thus provides in advance for the making only of particular , designated categories of reservations , there is clearly a high probability , if not an actual presumption , that reservations made in terms used in the treaty are intended to relate to the corresponding categories in the treaty , even when States do not meticulously   follow   the pattern set out in the reservation clause . -LRB- 8 -RRB- Another particularly famous and widely discussed example of a clause authorizing reservations -LRB- which falls under the second category mentioned above -RRB- is found in article 57 -LRB- ex 64 -RRB- of the European Convention on Human Rights :
 For the rest of the world , food and agriculture and ores and metals were Cuba 's largest export items , accounting for 37 per cent of Cuba 's exports . As regards imports , manufactured goods had the largest share , accounting for over 60 per cent of Cuba 's imports ,   followed   by food and agriculture with a share of 30 per cent . The European Union was the largest source of Cuba 's imports , accounting for 37 per cent of Cuba 's imports .
 The Credentials Committee shall examine the credentials of representatives and report to the Conference. The Third Review Conference , at its first plenary meeting , on 7 November 2006 , on the proposal of the President , appointed the   following   countries as members of the Credentials Committee : Australia , Croatia , Mexico , Slovakia and South Africa . The Committee held two meetings on 10 and 17 November 2006 to examine the credentials received as of those dates .
 The Special Committee expresses its appreciation for the outstanding achievements of the Secretariat in this regard . However , the Special Committee is deeply concerned about the recent allegations of fraud and mismanagement in United Nations peacekeeping procurement and reiterates that all existing procurement rules and procedures must be rigorously   followed   . The Special Committee is of the view that any incident of fraud or mismanagement should be subject to a thorough and transparent investigation and due process , and that those found responsible should be held accountable .
 It runs absolutely counter to the principle of respect and protection for minorities , which is upheld by both domestic and international law and morality . Besides ,   following   this line of argument , what are the major religions if not successful sects ?  . -LRB- E/CN.4/1997/91 , para .
 As significant as the question of relative shares is the fact that total programme spending for all five priority areas increased very rapidly between 2002 and 2005 . The highest percentage growth between the first and last years of the period was in ECD ,   followed   by girls ' education , HIV/AIDS , child protection and immunization plus . Table 11 Global programme assistance expenditures by MTSP priority , 2002-2005*
 Following the recent practice of the Committee , and given the width of the topics involved , Maureen Williams continues to be in charge of remote sensing and Stephan Hobe of national space legislation . In that context , the ILA Space Law Committee has found it useful to   follow   a building blocks procedure , as suggested by Stephan Hobe at the 2004 Berlin Conference . First and foremost comes the obligation of States to authorize and supervise space activities within their jurisdiction , in particular those of private entities , pursuant to article VI of the 1967 Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space , including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies -LRB- General Assembly resolution 2222 -LRB- XXI -RRB- , annex -RRB- .
 Indeed , it has been noted that formulation reflects the unilateral form of the act , while the elaboration or conclusion of a treaty presumes agreement or a common intent , which is unnecessary in the context of unilateral acts . In this way , closely   following   the language of the 1969 Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties -LRB- article 6 -RRB- , every State has capacity to formulate a unilateral act , provided , in this case , that it is done in accordance with international law. The guiding principle would therefore be drafted as follows : Principle 2
 The ICAI requires its members to ensure compliance with all the accounting standards it issues while discharging their attest function . Further , the ICAI members are required to   follow   a detailed Code of Ethics , as prescribed under the Chartered Accountants Act , -LRB- 1949 -RRB- . The ICAI Council is also entrusted with the disciplinary powers that are exercized through its Disciplinary Committee .
 Best practices guidelines in Arabic , English , French and Spanish were sent to the institutions for mass dissemination to other UN-Habitat partners , and China , Brazil , Italy and the Russian Federation provided translations in their respective languages ; four capacity-building workshops benefited those countries . In   following   up on lessons learned , emphasis will be on technical and financial assistance for institutions from the global South and on both the scaling-up and transfer of best practices . -LRB- c -RRB- To strengthen partnerships with Habitat Agenda partners with respect to their participation in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Millennium Development Goals , the number of thematic networks and regional coalitions initiated and strengthened increased from 25 to 48 .
 -LRB- arts. 4 , 42 and 44 , para. 6 , of the Convention -RRB- Under this cluster , States parties are requested to   follow   the provisions in paragraphs 5 and 6 above , general comment No. 2 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- on the role of independent national human rights institutions and general comment No. 5 -LRB- 2003 -RRB- on general measures of implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child . States parties that have entered reservations to the Convention should indicate whether they consider it necessary to maintain them .
 -LRB- arts. 22 , 30 , 32-36 , 37 -LRB- b -RRB- - -LRB- d -RRB- , 38 , 39 and 40 -RRB- Under this cluster , States parties are requested to   follow   the provisions in paragraphs 5 and 6 above , and general comment No. 6 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- on the treatment of unaccompanied and separated children outside their country of origin . States parties are requested to provide relevant information on measures taken to protect :
 Administrative and budgetary questions In its resolution 13 -LRB- XXXVI -RRB- , the Commission established a budget cycle for the Fund of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme and a methodology that it would   follow   in its consideration of budgetary matters . That methodology was revised by the Commission in its resolutions 7 -LRB- XL -RRB- and 8 -LRB- XL -RRB- , in which it adopted budget proposals in line with the harmonized budget model followed also by the United Nations Development Programme , the United Nations Children 's Fund and the United Nations Fund for Population Activities -LRB- now called the United Nations Population Fund -RRB- .
 Since 2000 , developing countries have been running a current account surplus that keeps growing every year -LRB- the estimated surplus in 2005 is five times higher than the surplus in 2000 -RRB- . Of all the regions , East Asia accumulated the highest surplus ,   followed   by the Middle East and North Africa . Accompanying the current account surpluses was a significant increase in the stock of foreign exchange reserves held by developing countries , which reached $ 2 trillion by the end of 2005 .
 In the second phase , Nigeria paid all its post-cut-off date debt , creditors cancelled another 34 per cent of pre-cut-off date debt and Nigeria bought back the remaining amounts of pre-cut-off debt . In 2006 , up to the end of June , the   following   additional countries cleared at par their remaining debt with the Paris Club : Brazil -LRB- for $ 2.6 billion -RRB- ; Algeria -LRB- for $ 7.9 billion -RRB- ; and the Russian Federation -LRB- for $ 22 billion -RRB- . Debt swaps
 In an effort to garner additional support for the draft resolution , explicit mention of Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean -LRB- ECLAC -RRB- resolution 598 -LRB- XXX -RRB- of 2 July 2004 on the participation of associate members in the United Nations world conferences and special sessions had been removed . In introducing the draft resolution his delegation had encouraged the Council to   follow   the example of the General Assembly to take steps to enable associate members of regional economic commissions to participate in United Nations activities . The Economic and Social Council had also considered the report of its Chairman on information requested of 35 specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system about their activities with regard to Non-Self-Governing Territories -LRB- E/2006/47 -RRB- .
 The evaluations had a direct impact on the design of funding proposals made to DFID and the European Commission Humanitarian Office -LRB- ECHO -RRB- . Key achievements identified were the   following   : -LRB- a -RRB- Emergency Preparedness and Response Planning was realized in 85 per cent of UNICEF offices ;
 At the time , natural disasters were dealt with from Geneva and the political aspects of complex emergencies from New York . However , this division of responsibilities was not strictly   followed   , as the New York Office took a leading role in the operation . The nomination of the Deputy Emergency Relief Coordinator as Special Coordinator for the Secretary-General for the Tsunami Response , followed by the designation of the Secretary-General 's Special Envoy for Tsunami Recovery , added to the complexity of reporting lines from the point of view of the field .
 In its previous report -LRB- A/59/400 , paras. 31-32 -RRB- the Advisory Committee pointed out that weaknesses in the control of non-expendable equipment , including inventory management , appeared to be a problem of a semi-permanent nature in most organizations of the United Nations system , and that the lack or inadequacy of proper information systems tended to aggravate the situation further . The Board of Auditors has   followed   up and reported on this matter over numerous bienniums , in detail , and accumulated considerable experience and knowledge of the management of non-expendable property across the system . In the opinion of the Committee , the Board should now be in a position to draw clear conclusions from the observed facts and findings , and judge whether any recommendations implemented have been effective and led to real improvements or whether , on the contrary , the situation has remained unchanged or even deteriorated .
 Five Parties had reported annual consumption greater than 100 metric tonnes for quarantine and pre-shipment uses . In terms of key uses , soil uses were the most common ,   followed   by grains -LRB- the most common pre-shipment use -RRB- , wood and timber , fresh produce , wooden packaging materials and dried foodstuffs . He noted , however , that the timing of the study relative to the new International Plant Protection Convention 's Guidelines for Regulating Wood Packaging Material in International Trade -LRB- ISPM 15 -RRB- and the incomplete nature of the data available to the Task Force could make the findings less than fully reliable .
 Natural characteristics refer to the physical characteristics that define and distinguish a particular aquifer . If a system approach is   followed   , one can separate into three categories ; input variables , output variables and system variables . Input variables are related to groundwater recharge from precipitation , rivers and lakes .
 Most economic damage -LRB- 85.3 per cent of the total -RRB- was reported in countries with high levels of human development . Disasters associated with earthquakes or tsunamis were the most deadly -LRB- 86 per cent of reported deaths -RRB- , but floods affected the greatest number of people -LRB- 51.2 per cent of those reported affected -RRB- ,   followed   by windstorms -LRB- 30.7 per cent -RRB- and drought and famine -LRB- 13.1 per cent -RRB- . Windstorms generated the greatest reported economic damage -LRB- 86.9 per cent of the total -RRB- , followed at a distance by floods -LRB- 10 per cent -RRB- .
 The Prosecutor remains committed to do her utmost to work with all the relevant actors so as to locate and apprehend them . She has   followed   up on her initiatives to better co-ordinate the activities carried out by the various national authorities and international bodies in order to locate and arrest them . In the reporting period , she travelled to Belgrade to discuss issues related to fugitives with the highest authorities , including the President and Prime Minister of Serbia and various other senior officials .
 Uzbekistan is under consideration by the Commission on Human Rights under the confidential procedure established in accordance with Economic and Social Council resolutions 1503 -LRB- XLVIII -RRB- and 2000/3 . Under this procedure , the Commission considers country situations demonstrating a consistent pattern of gross and systematic violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms , and has appointed an independent expert to   follow   the situation of human rights in Uzbekistan . C. Violations of international obligations
 The Trilateral Initiative parties concluded that every method identified could reveal weapon secrets if inspectors were allowed access to the raw measurement data . Therefore , direct , quantitative measurements   following   normal IAEA safeguards practices were ruled out . It was then agreed that IAEA verification of weapon-origin fissile material would be based upon measurements that would provide the most robust verification , but the measurement systems would be designed in such a manner that IAEA inspectors would only be presented with pass/fail information .
 -LRB- g -RRB- Affirmation of the importance of establishing and setting in operation the World Solidarity Fund , the establishment of which was proposed at Tunis and subsequently adopted by the United Nations General Assembly in 2002 , deeming that the Fund would be able to provide the resources needed to improve the living conditions of the neediest Arab families . Institutional arrangements for   following   up the implementation of projects under the Strategy and evaluating their outcomes Coordination among regional and international programmes and activities organized by the LAS Secretariat 's Directorate for the Family , Women and Children , the Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia -LRB- ESCWA -RRB- , United Nations offices and agencies , and the Arab Family Organization ;
 Others have reformed state enterprises to improve efficiency , or have engaged in public-private partnerships of different sorts . These reflect the diverse strategies   followed   by different countries aimed at improving efficiency and increasing access.31 By 2000 , of 115 developing countries , 33 per cent had passed new electricity laws , 29 per cent had established an independent regulator and 40 per cent had allowed the participation of privately owned independent power producers . Electricity projects with private sector participation have attracted substantially increased investments in recent years , particularly in Asia .
 Since 1994 , significant investment in core mitigation activities and sectors in developing countries has occurred . An examination of trends in mitigation investment suggests that financial flows from the private sector dominate the core mitigation investments in developing countries ,   followed   by investments through official development assistance.36 These investments are largely devoted to energy efficiency , industry and transport projects , and hydroelectricity plants , though some other renewable energy projects have also been undertaken . However , underfunding of adaptation is still a barrier to achieving Agenda 21 and Johannesburg Plan of Implementation goals .
 This is without prejudice to the implementation of Customs Code provisions in cases where an act constituting a smuggling offence or customs violation occurs . In all cases the customs authority is required to inform the competent State authority to   follow   up the issue . With regard to establishing what cash amounts a passenger is required to declare , the subject is currently being studied by the National Anti-Money Laundering Commission formed by the Central Bank of Qatar in accordance with the Anti-Money Laundering Law -LRB- No. 28 of 2002 -RRB- and its amendments .
 Both for principled and pragmatic reasons , Israel set certain limits on the conduct of its hostilities with Hezbollah . The mission was informed by IDF representatives that Israel   followed   its practice of drawing up lists of potential targets , with each individual target , as well as the type of weapon to be used , being reviewed by an IDF expert in humanitarian law . Israel made extensive use of leaflets dropped from the air and of telephone calls to warn civilians of impending attacks , an obligation which applies unless circumstances do not permit .
 Mali organized training courses for peacekeepers at the Boubacar Sada Sy Centre in Koulikoro , which were also attended by trainees from other west African countries . In addition , the Documentation Centre for Peacekeeping Operations had been established in July 2004 with the mandate of   following   the activities of Malian troops , publicizing information on them and helping to train new members of the missions . The capacities of peacekeeping forces should be strengthened , in his delegation 's view , by putting a greater emphasis on crisis management techniques , knowledge of the receiving country and , from the other side , knowledge of the United Nations and its principles .
 The Inspectors consider that this recommendation is work in progress . It is suggested that the list of countries , which are either unrepresented or underrepresented within the Office , be updated annually and submitted to OHRM so that it may be taken into consideration when programming future NCEs and used to   follow   progress . Recommendation 8
 The 2005 World Summit Outcome contained a recommendation that States which had not yet accepted the Court 's jurisdiction should consider doing so . The United Nations provided valuable opportunities for   following   the work of the Court and other international judicial bodies for the settlement of disputes , including visits by the President of the Court to the Sixth Committee during International Law Week . The European Union also looked forward to the first informal meeting of the Committee with the President of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea .
 I would like now to make a statement on behalf of the Committee . We have gathered here today ,   following   a tradition that goes back to 1977 , to observe the International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People . We are greatly honoured by the presence at this commemorative ceremony of many distinguished guests .
 The counsellors at the Centre follow a code of ethics , clear guidelines and protocols and receive ongoing training . They   follow   three basic principles in providing counselling services : trust women 's experience , do not blame women for the violence they have experienced and do not give advice but foster women 's self-determination.363 -LRB- f -RRB- Legal services
 Operational activities at the country level , including in the framework of humanitarian assistance and peacekeeping missions It is recommended that the   following   measures be taken : It is recommended that the following measures be undertaken :
 On 29 March 2005 , the Committee held , in particular , a discussion with Mr. K. Filali , Special Rapporteur to follow up the above-mentioned draft guidelines . Mr. Roman Wieruszewski and Ms. Elisabeth Palm respectively participated in the first -LRB- 8 and 9 December 2005 -RRB- and second meetings -LRB- 15-17 February 2006 -RRB- of the technical working group , established   following   a recommendation by the fourth Inter-Committee Meeting to finalize the draft harmonized reporting guidelines for consideration and eventual adoption by each of the committees . Both Committee members reported on the results of the technical working group at the Committee 's eighty-sixth session .
 According to this Decree , violations of regulations on research , testing and manufacture of industrial explosives shall be sanctioned with fines ranging from VND 3.000.000 to VND 50.000.000 , depending on specific case . Besides , with regard to the management of import and export of explosives , toxic substances , the Ministry of Industries has promulgated   following   documents : For the management of imported and exported chemicals for the period 2001-2005 : Circular No. 01/2001/TT-BNC of April 26 , 2001 guiding the import and export of chemicals for period 2001-2005 .
 Regarding the questions of the CTC at paragraph 1.13 -LRB- on extradition -RRB- : Regarding the investigation of Vietnamese citizens committing a crime abroad : According to paragraph 1 of Article 6 of the 1999 Penal Code , Vietnamese citizens who commit offenses outside the territory of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam may be examined for penal liability in Vietnam , in accordance with the provisions of this Code. Moreover , paragraph 1 of Article 8 of this Code defines crime as   follow   : Therefore , one of the prerequisites is that a crime must be an act provided for in the Penal Code of Viet Nam .
 To note also with appreciation that Parties to the Montreal Protocol that have not yet ratified the Montreal Amendment have also established import and export licensing systems ; To recognize that licensing systems bring the   following   benefits : monitoring of imports and exports of ozone-depleting substances ; prevention of illegal trade ; and enabling data collection ; To urge all the remaining Parties to the Montreal Amendment to provide information to the Secretariat on the establishment of import and export licensing systems , and for those that have not yet established such systems to do so as a matter of urgency ;
 Inter-fund balances -LRB- c -RRB- -LRB- i -RRB- Evaluate whether the accounts in Atlas could be modified to simplify the reclassification of the inter-fund balance at year-end ; -LRB- ii -RRB- perform inter-fund reconciliations on a regular basis to reduce the complexity of biennium-end reconciliations ; and -LRB- iii -RRB-   follow   up those differences which may be the result of problems inherent in Atlas and take the necessary steps to address possible weaknesses in the system -LRB- para. 43 -RRB- ; Trust funds
 Prior to this reconciliation , the last reconciliation that had been performed by UNDP and the United Nations was for the year ended 31 December 1989 . The long delay in reconciling the account and in   following   up disputed items made the reconciliation process difficult . Another factor in the write-off was the poor record-keeping in some country offices that resulted in their being unable to produce supporting documentation .
 The Office of Audit and Performance Review had included a consolidated report by project and audit area , and certification by the local auditors in the terms of reference for 2005 nationally executed expenditure project audits in order to assist country offices in following up the recommendations . In respect of the 2005 nationally executed expenditure projects to be audited in 2006 , the Board further noted that follow-up action plans were to be   followed   up and certified by the project auditors to obtain adequate assurance that necessary action had been taken by the project management . The Board reiterates its previous recommendation that UNDP continue to devote special attention to those country offices that do not submit their follow-up action plans , and obtain and evaluate the reasons for non-submission .
 The joint office would use the business processes of one agency to manage the resources and the programmes , as a unified set of business processes has not been developed . A joint office would have one representative for the   following   four agencies : UNDP , UNFPA , UNICEF and WFP . The resident representative covering all four agencies would be the delegated authority .
 -LRB- b -RRB- Document the reasons for the delay in implementing the recommendations of the Office of Audit and Performance Review ; and -LRB- c -RRB- Determine a standard time frame for the timely issuance of the Office of Audit and Performance Review reports and monitor compliance with these standards on a regular basis while documenting and   following   up the reasons for any significant delays . Level of coverage of financial procedures and controls at headquarters
 The agreements outline the steps to be followed when children are witnesses to domestic violence . More and more regions wish to   follow   this example . In 2006 , measures set out in these agreements will be analysed so that best practices and practical guidelines can be identified .
 With this aim in mind , the Minister is gathering information from the political parties about the methods they use in putting together a list of candidates .  Following   the example of the statutory regulation on the temporary replacement of elected representatives on maternity leave , work is now progressing on a similar scheme for aldermen and members of the provincial executive . Proposals and policy amendments in the context of government reform and possible new proposals to amend the electoral system are screened for their potential impact on diversity. One example is the study of the impact that holding elections for the office of mayor will have on the male-female ratio among mayors .
 The increase is due to the consolidation of all training-related consultancies of all the training activities of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations under the Integrated Training Service . The travel requirements for the 2006/07 period are as   follows   : For the immediate Office of the Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping , an amount of $ 45 , 000 is requested for the Under-Secretary-General 's and Political Affairs Officer 's travel to attend meetings and give briefings to Member States , regional organizations and groups of friends/contacts , $ 40 , 000 will be required for the Under-Secretary-General 's travel to missions and an additional $ 24 , 900 is required for travel to participate in conferences and seminars .
 During the period of July 2004 to December 2005 , the Division conducted recruitment campaigns for military and civilian police personnel in order to fill 62 posts circulated under 33 vacancy announcements . The Operational Services Division also assists the Department of Peacekeeping Operations in evaluating candidates , in determining eligibility and ensuring that all the relevant procedures are   followed   . The Division provides guidance and advice on recruitment policies , rules and regulations .
 Peru firmly supports the universal principle that all parties to armed conflict should respect all the rights of children in all circumstances . In that regard , we welcome the progress made since the adoption of resolution 1612 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , mainly in the   following   areas . First , a new Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflicts , Ms. Coomaraswamy , has been appointed .
 I will circulate them in writing because I do not want to speak beyond the 10-minute limit , although I did not get any direct instructions to that effect from my wife this morning . However , I do want to   follow   the limits of this important commemoration so I will request that my further comments be circulated to members . I want to conclude by saying that many countries of the Latin American and Caribbean region have already ratified this important instrument .
 Specific services highlighted by some States were : employment services -LRB- Austria and Greece -RRB- , non-governmental organizations and youth associations -LRB- El Salvador and Mexico -RRB- and halfway houses -LRB- Singapore -RRB- . While not a common setting for reintegration services , primary-care services were reported by two out of three States to provide gender- sensitive reintegration ; they were   followed   by community institutions and general hospitals -LRB- about one in three States -RRB- . Availability of evaluation results of social reintegration services in different settings ranged from one in three States -LRB- for specialized non-residential services -RRB- to about one in six States -LRB- for community institutions -RRB- .
 Most States follow the principle of targeting those particularly vulnerable ; in the second reporting cycle , 75 per cent of all States reported having special programmes for that purpose , a considerable increase from the 62 per cent reported in the baseline -LRB- or first -RRB- reporting period . The group most frequently targeted by such programmes was young people -LRB- more than two out of three States -RRB- ; it was   followed   by young offenders -LRB- one in two States -RRB- and drug injectors -LRB- almost one in two States -RRB- and other groups such as commercial sex workers , street children and the homeless . Groups considered vulnerable to drug problems were likely to vary from society to society .
 The Committee expresses its appreciation to the Government of Estonia for submitting its initial , second and third periodic report , and encourages the Government to present its next report in a timely manner . The report generally   follows   the guidelines of the Committee and contains some statistical data disaggregated by sex . The Committee also appreciates the delegation 's willingness to engage in a frank and constructive dialogue with the Committee .
 Affirms that the Office of the Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women is the competent authority for gender mainstreaming in the United Nations as a whole and is responsible for the formulation of policy as mandated by the intergovernmental bodies , and in this regard requests the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to establish a viable , effective mechanism for close coordination with the Special Adviser , ensuring that all plans of action on gender mainstreaming in peacekeeping operations are consistent with the existing mandates ; Stresses that the creation of a gender adviser in the Best Practices Unit of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations does not constitute a precedent to be   followed   by other departments and should not itself lead to the establishment of a gender unit in the Department , and also stresses the importance of not duplicating functions and capacities that already exist elsewhere in the Secretariat ; Decides to review the establishment and the level of the post of gender adviser in the context of paragraph 14 above ;
 Each State Party shall adopt such legislative and other measures as may be necessary to establish as a criminal offence the increase in wealth of a public official that significantly exceeds his or her present or past legitimate income , unless he or she gives a satisfactory explanation as to how such wealth was acquired. At the first session of the Ad Hoc Committee , Malaysia proposed that this article read as   follows   -LRB- A/AC.261/L.44 -RRB- : Each State Party shall adopt such legislative and other measures as may be necessary to establish as a criminal office , in accordance with basic principles of its domestic law , the illicit enrichment or unjustified increase in the assets of a public official that is manifestly out of proportion to his or her legitimate income during his or her tenure as a public official that he or she can not reasonably justify.
 My delegation wishes to reiterate our call to the international community to support the implementation of the moratorium . We also urge other regions to   follow   the example of ECOWAS by imposing similar moratoriums in their respective regions . At the regional level , Nigeria joined other African countries in December 2000 to adopt the Bamako ministerial declaration containing Africa 's common position on the illicit proliferation , circulation and trafficking in small arms and light weapons .
 Legally binding commitments on marking and tracing , as well as on brokering , should be further pursued . That must be   followed   up in 2005 . Only thus will we be able to achieve concrete results and to further our initial goals at the 2006 review conference .
 In conclusion , he said that the developing countries in the process of accession to the World Trade Organization required technical support to cope with the rules , disciplines and procedures involved in that process , which imposed many burdens on them and necessitated the mobilization of both human and financial resources . In that connection , the accelerated procedure for acceding countries should be   followed   . The representative of the Russian Federation said that it was important to provide countries with economies in transition and developing countries with support in multilateral trade negotiations in WTO .
 -LRB- c -RRB- The United States remains the largest government donor and contributed $ 216 million in 2001 , followed by Japan -LRB- $ 97 million -RRB- , United Kingdom -LRB- $ 74 million -RRB- and the Netherlands -LRB- $ 69 million -RRB- . The United States also is the top contributor to regular resources -LRB- $ 110 million -RRB- ,   followed   by Norway -LRB- $ 35 million -RRB- , the Netherlands -LRB- $ 32 million -RRB- and Sweden -LRB- $ 30 million -RRB- . The top 20 contributors to regular resources are listed in annex III ;
 Indeed , the Special Rapporteur is of the opinion that there will be no sustainable , just and stable peace in Afghanistan if there is impunity for the perpetrators of those widespread and systematic killings , which might amount to crimes against humanity . The Special Rapporteur has continued to   follow   the situation in the Chechen Republic of the Russian Federation , where Russian Government forces are reported to have committed grave human rights violations , including deliberate and targeted extrajudicial executions of unarmed civilians . The violence in the territories occupied by Israel is a disturbing cause for gravest concern , as reports indicate that one fourth of the victims of human rights abuses there , including violations of the right to life , are children and youths .
 A comprehensive policy has to be drawn up to abolish practices that impinge upon the life of any person purely because of sexual distinction . The Special Rapporteur intends to continue to   follow   individual cases to assess the level of impunity extended to such crimes . In this connection , she would also like to acknowledge the efforts made by some Governments and judges in bringing the perpetrators of such violations to justice .
 -LRB- a -RRB- Disciplinary procedures set out in article X of the Staff Regulations and rule 310.1 may be instituted against a staff member who fails to comply with his or her obligations and the standards of conduct set out in the Charter of the United Nations , the Staff Regulations and Rules , and Financial Regulations and Rules and all administrative issuances . -LRB- b -RRB- Staff members shall   follow   the directions and instructions properly issued by the Secretary-General and their supervisors . -LRB- c -RRB- Staff members must comply with local laws and honour their private legal obligations , including , but not limited to , the obligation to honour orders of competent courts .
 The United Nations , as the depositary of instruments of international humanitarian law , is responsible for ensuring the commitment of all States to these instruments . We believe that any neglect in this respect would open the way for Israel and those who   follow   its approach to undermine all the efforts of humanity to set norms that can not be ignored by any parties . We believe that those who put the report together should have studied the reasons for , and the dimensions of , the situation in the occupied Palestinian territories , which is due mainly to the continued Israeli occupation of Arab and Palestinian territories , in flagrant violation of Security Council resolutions and of the principle of the non-admissibility of the acquisition of land by force .
 Among other improvements proposed by the Government is a change in the entertainment laws of the Cayman Islands which would provide extended hours of entertainment for the benefit of the tourists . -LRB- Currently , the Liquor Licensing and Music and Dancing Laws require nightclubs and bars to close at 11.45 p.m. on weekdays and 12.45 a.m. on weekends and require customers to   follow   a dress code . According to the Governor , an Investment Bureau is due to be established by mid-2002 to promote tourism and the financial services of the Cayman Islands and to provide a one-stop-shop for those interested in investing in the Territory .
 In this process , the responsibility will only be engaged after a new legal instrument on explosive remnants of war has entered into force and will not apply to conflicts which took place prior to the existence of that instrument .  Following   this approach to the problem of explosive remnants of war , a party which uses munitions will endeavour to reduce the quantity of remaining unexploded ordnance to the minimum possible . In turn , this will encourage States to take all the necessary steps both to enhance the technical reliability of their munitions and to ensure that they are properly used by military personnel , irrespective of whether or not they are covered by any standard international rules and regulations on the various types of munitions .
 WTO rules The agenda of the Negotiating Group on Rules has been structured , in accordance with the Doha Ministerial Declaration , around the   following   topics : Anti-Dumping ; Subsidies and Countervailing Measures , including Fisheries Subsidies ; and Regional Trade Agreements . Both developed and developing countries have tabled many proposals since March 2002 .
 Letter dated 18 October 2002 from the Permanent Representative of Senegal to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- concerning counter-terrorism  Following   your letter S/AC.40/2002/MS/OC.123 dated 15 July 2002 , I am pleased to forward herewith the additional report of Senegal , as requested by the Counter-Terrorism Committee , after the consideration of our first report submitted in accordance with paragraph 6 of the Security Council resolution 1373 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . -LRB- Signed -RRB- Papa Louis Fall Ambassador
 -LRB- b -RRB- Equipment not required by other peacekeeping missions but that may be useful for operations of other United Nations agencies , international organizations or non-governmental organizations , and that it is not feasible to keep in reserve , will be sold to a relevant agency or organization ; -LRB- c -RRB- Any equipment or property not required or that it is not feasible to dispose of in the above manner or that is in poor condition will be subject to commercial disposal in the area of operations ,   following   standard United Nations regulations and procedures ; -LRB- d -RRB- Any surplus mission assets remaining after disposition under the terms referred to in subparagraphs -LRB- a -RRB- to -LRB- c -RRB- above , and/or any assets that have already been installed in the country and that , if dismantled , would in fact set back the rehabilitation process of the country , will be contributed to the duly recognized Government of the relevant country .
 The performance appraisal should be further reviewed . Moreover , delegation of authority should   follow   clear lines of authority and stress managerial responsibility and accountability . Regarding the Secretary-General 's proposal to lift the restrictions on the promotion of General Service staff to the Professional category , my delegation still believes that the national competitive examination programme is the best and fairest means of recruiting professional staff to the Organization at the entry level .
 It was important to inform the public by enabling the web site of the Division for Sustainable Development to be consulted in all the official languages of the United Nations . Addressing the other subsidiary questions under item 98 , he said that the European Union reaffirmed its support for the Secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction , and welcomed the fact that that distinct entity was directly answerable ,   following   his wish , to the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs . The European Union applauded the fact that during the humanitarian segment of the July session of the Economic and Social Council , there had been a consensus on the need to increase national and regional capabilities in terms of response to and preparation for natural disasters , and that delegations had called for greater cooperation between the United Nations and the regional , national and local partners .
 The World Bank estimates that Operation Defensive Shield caused physical damage amounting to US $ 361 million in the West Bank as a whole , compared with the US $ 305 million caused by damage in the first 15 months of the second intifada . Private businesses suffered the most -LRB- US $ 97 million -RRB- ,   followed   by housing -LRB- US $ 66 million -RRB- , roads -LRB- US $ 64 million -RRB- and cultural heritage sites -LRB- US $ 48 million -RRB- . In the past , there has often been a disciplined , retributive approach to the destruction of property .
 The erection of a security wall between Israel and OPT is widely portrayed as a security measure . Had the wall strictly   followed   the Green Line marking the 1967 borders between Israel and OPT , it might have been possible to confine the debate over the wall to the question whether a security wall of that kind would achieve its purpose . But when it is intended that the wall encroach deeply upon Palestinian territory , enclosing an estimated 7 per cent of Palestinian land , including fertile agricultural land , water resources and villages , it is difficult to resist the conclusion that it is a case of de facto annexation in which the security situation is employed as a pretext for territorial expansion .
 Paragraph 2 The   following   amendments to paragraph 2 -LRB- a -RRB- are proposed : 2. Each State Party shall take all relevant measures to ensure :
 Constitutional and legal measures had been commendable , as had the efforts to increase women 's participation in political life . Belgium 's role as a developed nation and a member of the European Union was to provide an example for others to   follow   . Ms. Gaspard commended Belgium for being one of the first countries in the world to introduce affirmative action in employment through measures covered by article 4 , paragraph 1 , of the Convention .
 Training projects and seminars The narrative and financial reports on the use of grants for projects to organize training and seminars should contain the   following   final documents : -LRB- a -RRB- list of participants ; -LRB- b -RRB- list of speakers or instructors ; -LRB- c -RRB- programme ; -LRB- d -RRB- all other conference documents , minutes , conclusions , recommendations , publications , videotapes and other relevant documents pertaining to the subsidized activities . E. Financial reports
 The following phrase should be added at the end of the same sentence : in order to reinforce in this context the principle of party autonomy . The amended paragraph would read as   follows   : Some support was expressed in favour of deleting the words `Unless otherwise agreed ' , since they are superfluous , given the presence of article 3 , but after discussion the prevailing view was that they should remain in order to reinforce in this context the principle of party autonomy. Mr. Tang Houzhi -LRB- China -RRB- said that the United States proposal did not reflect the discussion .
 That entailed a burden beyond the means of some countries , raising the need for financial and technical assistance . He commended the Secretariat for its work in raising public awareness about the importance of combating transnational organized crime and in   following   up the successful conclusion of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime . He recommended that equal attention be given to other activities of the Secretariat , in particular its work on combating terrorism .
 The portfolio should be compared to a professional benchmark , instead of having a benchmark adapted to the portfolio .  Following   the Board 's recommendation , the Administration has decided that in the future it will use the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate index as a benchmark for its short-term investments . Investment performances
 The peace talks In view of the link between a sustainable peace and human rights , the Special Rapporteur   followed   with interest the latest developments within the IGAD-led peace talks . He welcomes the positive outcome of the first round of talks which started in Machakos , Kenya , on 17 June 2002 , on the practical implementation of the formula two systems  one State and the signing , on 20 July 2002 , of the Machakos Protocol on the two issues of self-determination and religion and State , so far the stumbling blocks in the peace negotiations .
 A new 12-month phase of the programme started in April , focusing on an increased number of activities , some of which constitute more in-depth follow-up training aiming at the modification of the relevant manuals to incorporate relevant international human rights standards . The Special Rapporteur will continue to   follow   any new developments in this field , while reiterating that progress will only be measured on the ground in terms of significant impact on the situation of human rights . The recurrence of individual cases and specific patterns of violations will be important elements to assess the success of such an endeavour .
 Being a Mediterranean country lying at the crossroads of three continents with a diversity of religions and civilizations and firmly believing that terrorism is a threat to every human being , regardless of its nationality , religion or origin , Greece has proposed a series of initiatives in the framework of the various Mediterranean fora , aiming , not only , at strengthening the counter - terrorism cooperation among the countries in the region , but also at bringing together intellectuals from different civilizations and religions with the scope to dissolve preconceptions of the past . Hence , the Government of the Hellenic Republic has   followed   a comprehensive approach on the issue of terrorism , as part of its contribution to the international campaign. Active participation in the coordinated efforts of all the relevant International fora , constructive synergies at regional level and enhancement and harmonization of the national legislation pertaining to terrorism and organized crime , in accordance with the provisions of Security Council Resolution 1373 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . In the administrative field , Greece has taken the following steps , in order to better coordinate the various public and semi-public sectors of the administration , responsible for the action to be taken , to accelerate the decision making with regard to the legislative process :
 The procedures of the Office of Audit and Performance Review have been revised to incorporate the recommendation , which will be implemented for the preparation of the 2002 nationally executed expenditure audit plan . In paragraph 103 , the Board recommended that , in order to ensure suitable audit coverage of nationally executed expenditure audits , UNDP should actively   follow   up on the final expenditure figures to update the level of planned coverage , and UNDP agreed . The Board further recommended that planned coverage be based on criteria established by UNDP .
 As at 20 April 2002 , 100 inactive projects remained to be closed , whereas at the end of 2000 more than 200 inactive projects were to be closed . Management is closely   following   up on the matter . The Chiefs , Division of Administrative Services and Budget and Financial Management Service , United Nations Office at Nairobi , are responsible for implementation of the recommendation .
 The Director , Administration and Management , and the Chief of Procurement are responsible for implementation of the recommendation . In paragraph 112 , the Board recommended that UNFPA   follow   up with country offices on all outstanding recommendations and enforce time restrictions given to country offices so as to facilitate a timely response . In 2001 , UNFPA introduced the Comprehensive Audit and Recommendations Database System -LRB- CARDS -RRB- to record the follow-up of audit recommendations .
 Moreover , the working group has been developing a model with step-by-step instructions and information to facilitate the process of establishing a United Nations House . The call to take steps to develop the diffusion of common shared services in country offices is showing concrete achievements , especially in 2001 ,   following   the CCPOQ guidelines on the administrative management of the resident coordinator system . To further improve those guidelines and develop a global plan for common services implementation , UNDG has developed a common services programme , supported by the Government of the United Kingdom , which involves training of human resources in eight pilot countries and includes financial support , through a seed money initiative -LRB- for further details and policy recommendation , see E/2002/60 -RRB- .
 Requests the Secretary-General , the relevant bodies and programmes of the United Nations system and the international community to continue to support and verify the implementation of the Guatemala peace agreements , signed under United Nations auspices , and to consider the implementation of the peace agreements as the framework for their technical and financial assistance programmes and projects in the context of the United Nations Development Assistance Framework for Guatemala ; Recognizes the need to continue to   follow   closely the situation in Central America in support of national and regional efforts to overcome the underlying causes that have led to armed conflicts , avoid setbacks and consolidate peace and democracy in the region and promote the objectives of the Alliance for the Sustainable Development of Central America ; Commends the efforts and actions undertaken by the present Government of Nicaragua to combat the scourge of corruption , which threatens to undermine the legality of public institutions in that country , and urges it to continue its actions until that evil has been eradicated , thereby strengthening confidence in the rule of law and the belief of the Nicaraguan people in democracy ;
 It further requires the establishment of new frameworks in the relationship between the United Nations and its specialized agencies , bodies , organizations , programmes and funds , as well as the strengthening of the central role of the General Assembly . It requires effective mechanisms for implementation that would enable the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council , among other United Nations bodies , to   follow   up on the implementation of their recommendations . In the light of all this , my delegation wishes to offer brief comments on the report before us , since the report addresses a number of important issues and makes a number of proposals that the General Assembly should consider and engage with .
 The negative performance by equities was partially offset by positive performance in all other asset classes . The performance of the real estate portfolio was particularly strong ,   followed   by short-term investments and bonds . The Fund 's exposure to dollar-denominated bonds contributed more to the total return than did any other asset class held by the Fund .
 -LRB- c -RRB- To maintain the size and composition of the Standing Committee in accordance with the provisional arrangements agreed to by the Board in 2000 . The above conclusions of the Board were approved subject to further consideration being given to the   following   criteria , which had been the principles agreed to by the Board in 1987 to guide the determination of its size and composition : -LRB- a -RRB- Each member organization should be represented ;
 Article A-II , paragraph 2 , of the resolution states that , where a claim for compensation is addressed to a member State or a State participating in a programme of the Agency , that State shall consult the Agency without delay and the Agency may join in the proceedings if the applicable law so permits and may substitute itself for the State involved if the State so requests . In addition , any member State or participating State may join the State involved or the Agency in the proceedings if the applicable law so permits and any State involved shall   follow   the directives jointly agreed between the Agency and that State both in respect of proceedings and settlement . A member State or a State participating in a programme shall always present its claim for compensation firstly to the Agency .
 I am quite confident that the relevant United Nations bodies could play a very positive role in such an approach . In brief , I believe that , in order to ensure the incorporation of vulnerability reduction and risk analysis in development planning , it is imperative to mobilize a strong constituency , such as one consisting of the aforementioned players , in order to   follow   up these issues very vigorously ; to ensure that these measures will become codes of conduct and rules and regulations in relevant sectors of the economy ; and also vigilantly to follow up their implementation and monitor their results . Mr. De Rivero -LRB- Peru -RRB- -LRB- spoke in Spanish -RRB- : Given that , following the cold war , more than 30 civil wars have broken out and that there are now more than 12 million refugees and 25 million displaced persons , it has become very clear that the institutional capacity of the United Nations is not sufficient to prevent internal conflicts , and that we are facing a humanitarian challenge of considerable magnitude .
 I am quite confident that the relevant United Nations bodies could play a very positive role in such an approach . In brief , I believe that , in order to ensure the incorporation of vulnerability reduction and risk analysis in development planning , it is imperative to mobilize a strong constituency , such as one consisting of the aforementioned players , in order to follow up these issues very vigorously ; to ensure that these measures will become codes of conduct and rules and regulations in relevant sectors of the economy ; and also vigilantly to   follow   up their implementation and monitor their results . Mr. De Rivero -LRB- Peru -RRB- -LRB- spoke in Spanish -RRB- : Given that , following the cold war , more than 30 civil wars have broken out and that there are now more than 12 million refugees and 25 million displaced persons , it has become very clear that the institutional capacity of the United Nations is not sufficient to prevent internal conflicts , and that we are facing a humanitarian challenge of considerable magnitude .
 The structure outlined below should be followed in each of the following sectoral chapters . The information should be reported   following   the IPCC sectors . Overview of sector -LRB- e.g. , quantitative overview and description -RRB-
 The World Conservation Union lists as endangered 40 per cent of St. Helena 's plants , while other conservationists insist that the actual proportion is even higher . A survey conducted by the St. Helena Nature Conservation Group in June 2001 ranked litter as the most important environmental problem ,   followed   by endangered plants and animals , and then by sewage disposal at sea . In September 2001 the United Kingdom and the Overseas Territories adopted a set of Environment Charters setting out for the first time the mutual responsibilities of both regarding the environment .
 I believe that he has touched on the right point there : we do not need to institutionalize ; we need to achieve results in practice . I think we are beginning to show how to do that , and I will certainly do the best I can to   follow   the spirit of Mahbubani and Singapore and achieve those results . Mr. Wang Yingfan -LRB- China -RRB- -LRB- spoke in Chinese -RRB- : This year , the report of the Council to the General Assembly has a new format : it is more focused and shorter. The cost of production has thus been reduced .
 In the ad hoc Working Group on Africa , chaired by Ambassador Koonjul , we have a good example of a committee that has done excellent work . It would be a valuable innovation to look at whether committees in other areas considering particular thematic or geographical issues could perhaps   follow   up on them . That is certainly an innovation that we would see as worth considering .
 This rule does not exclude application of the provisions set out in bases of discussion Nos. 5 and 6 . 6. A State is responsible for damage suffered by a foreigner as the result of the courts   following   a procedure and rendering a judgement vitiated by faults so gross as to indicate that they did not offer the guarantees indispensable for the proper administration of justice. E. M. Borchard , `Responsibility of States ' , at the Hague Codification Conference , -LRB- 1930 -RRB- 24 A.J.I.L. 516 , at 539 .
 Denmark signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 25 September this year and intends to ratify the Convention as soon as the enabling legislation is in place . Denmark has also   followed   up on all relevant Security Council resolutions against international terrorism and regimes providing support to terrorists . European Union
 I told the Council here on a previous occasion that these Arab regimes no longer have a fig leaf to cover themselves with . The extremists are ready and the oppressed Arab masses will be with them and behind them and will   follow   their directions . We will see what will happen to our world .
 The Organization also provided funding for simultaneous interpretation to ensure effective participation by the African group in the deliberations of the COP 5 in Geneva in October 2001 . At its 26th Ordinary Session in February 2002 , the Policy Committee of the SEAF/OUA ,   following   a request from the UNCCD secretariat for supplementary funding for its transboundary projects in the Sahel and Maghreb border regions , granted the latter an additional sum of US $ 540 , 140 . The OAU and the UNCCD secretariat have since signed a Grant Agreement for the utilization of these new funds .
 Invites the Ad Hoc Committee to consider meeting at least once in Geneva before the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights and periodically thereafter , and to make an interim progress report to the Commission at that session ; Notes with appreciation the decision of the Office of the High Commissioner to designate a focal point within the Office whose primary purpose will be to   follow   questions relating to the human rights of persons with disabilities ; Calls upon the Office of the High Commissioner to report to the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-ninth session on progress in the implementation of the recommendations contained in the study on human rights and disability presented at the fifty-eighth session of the Commission on Human Rights and on the programme of work of the Office in relation to the human rights of persons with disabilities ;
 Commission on Human Rights During the year , the Special Committee closely   followed   the work of the Commission on Human Rights with regard to the question of the right of peoples to self-determination and its application to peoples under colonial domination , and to the question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms in any part of the world , with particular reference to colonial and other dependent Territories . The Special Committee further took into account the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly , including resolutions 56/135 , 56/140 , 56/141 , 56/150 and 56/153 of 19 December 2001 .
 Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination During the year , having regard to the relevant provisions of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the Special Committee continued to   follow   the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination -LRB- see also paras. 71 and 72 below -RRB- . Specialized agencies and international institutions associated with the United Nations
 Organization of African Unity Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the Organization of African Unity -LRB- OAU -RRB- on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of OAU . Caribbean Community
 Caribbean Community Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the Caribbean Community -LRB- CARICOM -RRB- on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of CARICOM . Pacific Islands Forum
 Annex I provides statistical and financial information regarding the Palestine refugees and Agency programmes , finances and staff. Annex II refers to pertinent records of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies .  Following   established practice , the annual report in draft form was distributed in advance to the ten members of the Advisory Commission , whose relevant comments and observations were given careful consideration . The draft report was discussed with the Commission at a meeting held in Amman on 26 September 2002 .
 Such counselling services were offered to pupils in the Agency 's preparatory schools and government secondary schools to familiarize them with the training courses available at the Agency 's training centres . The Agency continued to   follow   up on the employment histories of its graduates and their career performance after the initial period of employment . Of the 2 , 374 graduates from UNRWA vocational training centres in 1999/2000 , 1 , 811 or 76.3 per cent , were employed in 2001 .
 Work programme of the Commission for the remainder of the quinquennium Since this is the first year of the quinquennium and   following   its usual practice the Commission found it useful to establish a work programme for the ensuing four years setting out in general terms the goals with respect to each topic to be achieved during this period . It is the understanding of the Commission that this work programme has a tentative character since the nature and the complexities of the work preclude any certain prediction a long time in advance .
 The Advisory Committee notes from paragraphs 7 and 9 of the budget document that phase III requires the withdrawal of all foreign forces from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and that the Secretary-General intends to seek further revisions to the mandate of MONUC from the Security Council . The Committee trusts that , should such revisions involve a need to adjust the budgetary resources for MONUC , current notification procedures would be   followed   to inform both the Committee and the General Assembly in a timely manner . Military personnel
 It controls the expenditure through their quarterly Subproject monitoring reports submitted to the concerned field office , which verifies the financial data , supporting documentation and monthly bank statements of the partner before forwarding the report to UNHCR headquarters. The reports are therefore the main monitoring tool ; -LRB- b -RRB- As a second step ,   following   a Board of Auditors ' recommendation , implementing partners have been requested since 1997 to submit external audit certificates obtained from local external auditors ; -LRB- c -RRB- Internal audits are carried out by the Office of Internal Oversight Services in the Field with the objective , inter alia , of determining whether implementing partners ' accounting and internal control systems ensure completeness and accuracy of financial information submitted to UNHCR .
 Invites the Ad Hoc Committee to consider meeting at least once in Geneva before the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights and periodically thereafter , and to make an interim progress report to the Commission at that session ; Notes with appreciation the decision of the Office of the High Commissioner to designate a focal point within the Office whose primary purpose will be to   follow   questions relating to the human rights of persons with disabilities ; Calls upon the Office of the High Commissioner to report to the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-ninth session on progress in the implementation of the recommendations contained in the study on human rights and disability presented at the fifty-eighth session of the Commission on Human Rights and on the programme of work of the Office in relation to the human rights of persons with disabilities ;
 This Treaty was approved and ratified by the Act of 23 November 2000 and entered into force between the two States on 1 February 2001 . Finally , it should be pointed out that Luxembourg has ratified the   following   treaties concerning mutual legal assistance in criminal matters : - Convention concerning mutual assistance in criminal matters of 20 April 1959 , drawn up by the Council of Europe , and the Protocol thereto signed at Strasbourg on 17 March 1978 ;
 The year 2001 witnessed a culmination of review processes stemming from several global conferences of the 1990s . Pursuant to the directives of the Commission , the Special Rapporteur spent considerable time and effort during the reporting period to   follow   and contribute to these conference reviews from the perspectives of his mandate . These global conference reviews presented significant opportunities to raise awareness of the issues related to adequate housing , recognize the human rights imperatives of improving living conditions for the poor , and galvanize international cooperation .
 UNMIK is encouraged to press forward on these issues in consultation with ICRC , KFOR , the provisional institutions and concerned local non-governmental organizations and with Belgrade . UNMIK is requested to keep the Council regularly informed. The Council is urged to continue to   follow   the issue . The Mission points out that the progress achieved so far has been driven to a large extent by the international community .
 Objectives Agreed Measures to strengthen sustainable development institutional arrangements at all levels should be taken within the framework of Agenda 21 and should build on developments since UNCED , and should lead to the achievement of , inter alia , the   following   objectives : -LRB- a -RRB- Agreed Strengthening commitments to sustainable development ;
 It therefore represented a new trend in the international law of arms control and disarmament and Japan considered it a significant achievement by the international community . In that context it welcomed the accession since the Second Annual Conference of six new States - namely , Bolivia , Guatemala , Mali , Nauru , the Republic of Korea and the Republic of Moldova - to Amended Protocol II and urged other States to   follow   their example . His delegation also stressed the importance of full compliance with the provisions of the Protocol by all States parties .
 Mr. Repasch -LRB- United States of America -RRB- said that the increase of $ 28.9 million in budgetary requirements reflected overspending in various areas , which suggested that the Secretariat was experiencing some difficulties in managing its allocations . He asked for details of the procedure   followed   by programme managers when reporting over-expenditure to senior management . He drew attention to the total of unliquidated obligations , which stood at almost $ 162 million , and requested the corresponding figures for the previous biennia to determine whether such an amount was normal for the current stage in the cycle .
 During its consideration of the report , the Advisory Committee met with representatives of the Secretary-General , who provided additional information . The Advisory Committee recalls that a United Nations presence was established in Burundi in November 1993 in response to the Security Council 's request to the Secretary-General to monitor and   follow   the situation in Burundi closely . Furthermore , in his letter dated 10 November 2000 addressed to the President of the Security Council , 1 the Secretary-General highlighted the signing of the Arusha Agreement on Peace and Reconciliation in Burundi on 28 August 2000 , emphasizing the role entrusted to the United Nations as Chairman of the Implementation Monitoring Committee and the responsibilities entrusted to the Committee with regard to the implementation of the Agreement .
 -LRB- f -RRB- An appeal shall not be receivable unless the time limits specified in paragraph -LRB- a -RRB- above have been met or have been waived , in exceptional circumstances , by the panel constituted for the appeal . -LRB- g -RRB- At the duty station where the appeal is considered , the designated representative of the Secretary-General shall submit a written reply within two months   following   the date of receipt of the appeal . -LRB- i -RRB- A staff member may arrange to have his or her appeal presented to the panel on his or her behalf by another serving or retired staff member .
 Model provision 29. Organization of the concessionaire The text of the draft model provision was as   follows   : The contracting authority may require that the successful bidder establish a legal entity incorporated under the laws of -LSB- this State -RSB- , provided that a statement to that effect was made in the pre-selection documents or in the request for proposals , as appropriate .
 -LRB- e -RRB- The manner and place for solicitation of the pre-selection documents . To the extent not already required by -LSB- the enacting State indicates the provisions of its laws on procurement proceedings that govern the content of the pre-selection documents to be provided to suppliers and contractors in proceedings for the pre-qualification of suppliers and contractors -RSB- , the pre-selection documents shall include at least the   following   information : -LRB- a -RRB- The pre-selection criteria in accordance with -LSB- model provision 7 -RSB- ;
 Contingent-owned equipment : major equipment and self-sustainment Provision for major equipment and self-sustainment included in the total resource requirements for the period from 1 July 2003 to 30 June 2004 is as   follows   : Human resources
 Chapter VIII At its organizational and resumed organizational sessions -LRB- agenda item 4 -RRB- and substantive session -LRB- agenda item 1 -RRB- , the Council considered the question of elections , appointments , nominations and confirmations at its 2nd , 4th and 41st meetings , on 13 February , 29 April and 26 July 2002. It had before it the   following   documents : -LRB- a -RRB- Annotated provisional agenda for the organizational and resumed organizational sessions for 2002 -LRB- E/2002/2 and Add.3 and Add.3/Corr.1 -RRB- ;
 Information exchange on the Code of Conduct on politico-military aspects of security Participating States will supply relevant information -LRB- including documents where appropriate -RRB- on the   following   items : Ministerial Council Bucharest 2001
 Sickness benefit in cash ; Maternity benefit ; Survivor 's benefit ; Occupational accident injury benefit ; Unemployment benefit ; Old-age pension ; and Disability benefit . The   following   short-term benefits may also be provided under the laws and other legal acts in force : sickness , maternity , maternity -LRB- paternity -RRB- , occupational accident and occupational disease benefit . The Law on Social Insurance of Occupational Accidents and Occupational Diseases came into effect on 1 January 2000 -LRB- VIII-1509 Published : Valstybs inios , 1999.12.29 , No. 110 , Publication No. 3207 -RRB- .
 Reform of the current pension system As has already been mentioned above , the Lithuanian pension system was reformed for the first time in 1994-1995   following   the principle of current financing . Social insurance contributions are immediately used for covering social insurance benefit costs instead of accumulating them by capitalization .
 We hope that this work , which is done in collaboration with the United Nations Development Programme and other partners , can contribute to the peace-building that is indispensable for the country 's economic and social recovery . Our staff have noted your concerns about the macroeconomic situation , which we have been   following   very closely for some time , together with the International Monetary Fund . I can assure you , and the other members of the Council , that we are making every effort to assist the Government of Guinea-Bissau in restoring macroeconomic stability while at the same time respecting the country 's vital priorities of peace and stability .
 Pursuant to the provisions of paragraph -LRB- a -RRB- of article 42 of the Constitution , The Revolution Command Council has decreed as   follows   : Under the terms of the present Decree the provisions are hereby reinstated of the Penal Code No. 111 of 1969 and of other special laws concerned with the penalty of a fine or a substitutionary fine for infractions and misdemeanours punishable by a term of no more than 3 -LRB- three -RRB- years ' imprisonment , which were revoked by Revolution Command Council Decrees No. 30 of 17 March 1995 and No. 5 of 17 January 1998 .
 Comments made by the ILO supervisory bodies The pending comments of the ILO Committee of Experts on matters relevant to the Convention relate to the   following   : Convention No. 100
 Model provision 37 , paragraph 1 , reflects the substance of legislative recommendation 53 . Paragraph 2 , reflecting the substance of legislative recommendation 55 , has been added   following   suggestions by outside experts -LRB- see also para . Takeover of an infrastructure project by the contracting authority ; and model provision 41. Substitution of the concessionaire -LRB- see UNCITRAL Legislative Guide , legislative recommendations 56-60 , and chap. IV , Construction and operation of infrastructure : legislative framework and project agreement , paras .
 The President : Draft resolution A/57/L.25 is entitled Cooperation between the United Nations and the Economic Community of Central African States . I should like to announce that , since the introduction of the draft resolution , the   following   countries have become its co-sponsors : Benin , Burundi , France , Morocco and the Sudan . May I take it that the Assembly decides to adopt draft resolution A/57/L.25 , as orally revised by the representative of the Congo ?
 The other 10 non-permanent seats would continue as at present . -LRB- 2 -RRB- If two additional seats for permanent members are created , the number of non-permanent members should be increased by eight as   follows   : Two seats for Africa ;
 The broad interest displayed indicates how central to the Security Council reform is the notion of the passing of time .  Following   the traditional practice of the Open-ended Working Group , the Bureau is now working on a revision of the documents related to cluster I issues : it so proceeds in order to take into account the suggestions made during the discussions -LRB- as stated , inter alia , in the introduction to annex XII of last year 's report -RRB- . As in the case of cluster II , the conference room papers on cluster I are living documents subject to integration aimed at reflecting any new , constructive perspective which had emerged in the preceding debates : an approach implying that due notice should be taken in this year 's conference room paper of the above illustrated proposal .
 In cooperation with the Permanent Observer Mission of Palestine to the United Nations , the Committee will continue to expand its contacts with the Palestinian Authority and other institutions , including civil society , in the areas under its jurisdiction and the rest of the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including Jerusalem .  Following   the practice of the previous years , the Committee will continue to invite Palestinian officials and other Palestinian personalities to meetings with members and observers of the Committee and the Secretariat , as required . The Bureau of the Committee will continue its consultations with countries interested in the programme of work of the Committee , including members of the European Union , with a view to promoting understanding of its objectives and greater participation in its activities .
 The negative performance by equities was partially offset by positive performance in all other asset classes . The performance of the real estate portfolio was particularly strong ,   followed   by short-term investments and bonds . The high level of short-term holdings in particular helped to preserve the value of the Fund during the period of high market volatility .
 It controls the expenditure through their quarterly Subproject monitoring reports submitted to the concerned field office , which verifies the financial data , supporting documentation and monthly bank statements of the partner before forwarding the report to UNHCR headquarters. The reports are therefore the main monitoring tool ; -LRB- b -RRB- As a second step ,   following   a Board of Auditors ' recommendation , implementing partners have been requested since 1997 to submit external audit certificates obtained from local external auditors ; -LRB- c -RRB- Internal audits are carried out by the Office of Internal Oversight Services in the Field with the objective , inter alia , of determining whether implementing partners ' accounting and internal control systems ensure completeness and accuracy of financial information submitted to UNHCR .
 With respect to legislative measures taken by Kuwait to ensure that its territory can not be used for the recruitment , financing or training of mercenaries , we would like to point out that Kuwait has never witnessed this phenomenon , nor has it seen such activities in its history . No special legislation on mercenaries has therefore been enacted , but the State of Kuwait acceded to the four Geneva Conventions of 1949 on victims of armed conflict , pursuant to the Emir 's decree of 12 August 1967 , and also acceded to the two Additional Protocols to the said Conventions   following   the Emir 's decree issued on 3 December 1984 . All of these instruments have acquired legal force under Kuwait 's national legislation .
 Questions about the mandate of the team were discussed with the Secretariat . In four successive meetings of the Council to   follow   up the implementation of resolution 1405 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , my delegation declared that the Council must not be taken in by such tactics , which are part of a carefully crafted Israeli scheme to flout the resolution . For 10 days following the adoption of the resolution , we called upon the Council to do its utmost to support the Secretary-General in his decision on the composition of the team and its dispatch to the field .
 International Comparison Programme Over the past two years the statistical offices in the region have been   following   closely , and contributing to , the plans to conduct a further round of the International Comparison Programme -LRB- ICP -RRB- . The Asian and Pacific regional comparison has been identified as a potential flagship capacity-building project , strengthening capabilities in the fields of national accounts and prices as well as generating updated purchasing power parities .
 The International Monetary Financial Committee , for the first time , stressed the importance of the commitments made at the World Education Forum , held in Dakar from 26 to 28 April 2000 , and in particular , those on education for girls and women . 20. On health issues , in particular HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases such as malaria and tuberculosis , the International Monetary Financial Committee   followed   the lead of the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the President of the World Bank and , also for the first time , determined that action was needed on a priority basis . A window of opportunity existed this year for concrete initiatives as well as an alliance among Governments , international organizations and the private sector to take specific steps .
 To that end , his country reiterated its appeal to countries which had laid mines outside their own territory to accept responsibility for such mines and to make active efforts to remove them . Such countries should also undertake to compensate the victims of mines : in that context , he recalled the historic agreement struck between Italy and the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya in 1998 on a programme for the compensation of victims of mines laid by Italy in his country and expressed the hope that other States would   follow   that example . Mr. CUMMINGS -LRB- Unites States of America -RRB- said that , at the outset of the third session of the Group of Governmental Experts , a number of representatives had doubted whether States parties would agree at the current meeting to the two mandates being negotiated , regarding explosive remnants of war and anti-vehicle mines .
 Accordingly , 94.9 % of schools educate boys and girls together . At secondary level , mixed schools are also the majority -LRB- 88 % -RRB- ,   followed   by schools for girls only -LRB- 7.9 % -RRB- . The interagency project Exchange of practical experiences on gender , aims to share development experiences and projects in thematic groups dealing with the environment , training , education , political participation , leadership and productive activities. As part of this project , the Muchacho Trabajador programme published a book entitled El Camino a la Equidad , with active participation from a total of 24 NGOs , political movements and women 's networks .
 Its role was considered important in ensuring the participation of the regional groups in the discussions relating to the intersessional activities of the Commission . On 6 and 28 September 2001 , the extended bureau met to   follow   up on the ongoing consultations towards the finalization of the draft plans of action , together with the draft resolution related thereto . The extended bureau also discussed the recent developments in New York related to terrorism and agreed that an intersessional meeting should be convened in order to brief Governments on recent actions on terrorism and to lay the foundation for future work of the Commission in that field .
 The commission consists of representatives of various Ministries -LRB- Ministry of Health , Ministry for Atomic Energy , Ministry of Defence and Ministry of Civil Defence , Emergencies and Disaster Management and various agencies -LRB- such as the Russian Aviation and Space Agency and the Academy of Sciences -RRB- , the nuclear power source developer and manufacturer , the control bodies -LRB- the State Environmental Protection Agency , the state sanitary supervision agencies and the State Nuclear and Radioactive Safety Supervision Inspection -RRB- , as well as the participation of third-party experts . The inter-agency commission , headed by the representative of the State Nuclear and Radioactive Safety Supervision Inspection , ensures the independent verification of the   following   nuclear power source documents developed at various stages of the nuclear power source construction , as well as documents related to the safety of the space-based nuclear power sources : -LRB- a -RRB- A preliminary safety report , including the concept for safe use of nuclear power sources and general technical requirements developed on the basis of international documents and national rules and regulations , also the analysis of possible safety systems and structural components of nuclear power sources related to safety ;
 Ali Said Mchumo -LRB- United Republic of Tanzania -RRB- , President of the Board . Officers The officers of the Board were as elected at the forty-eighth session of the Board , as   follows   : President : Mr. Ali Said Mchumo -LRB- United Republic of Tanzania -RRB-
 Eighteen per cent of the plans submitted were not in line with the revised monitoring and evaluation guidelines and 18 per cent were late submissions -LRB- see figure 1 -RRB- . The Regional Bureau for Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States -LRB- RBEC -RRB- has submitted the highest percentage of evaluation plans -LRB- 96 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by the Regional Bureau for Asia and the Pacific -LRB- RBAP -RRB- -LRB- 95 per cent -RRB- , the Regional Bureau for Arab States -LRB- RBAS -RRB- -LRB- 86 per cent -RRB- , the Regional Bureau for Africa -LRB- RBA -RRB- -LRB- 85 per cent -RRB- and the Regional Bureau for Latin America and the Caribbean -LRB- RBLAC -RRB- -LRB- 81 per cent -RRB- . Figure 1
 Information from evaluations at this point in the programming period would help countries to make adjustments or to plan for the next programming period . In 2003 , RBA has scheduled the largest number of outcome evaluations -LRB- 33 -RRB- ,   followed   by RBEC -LRB- 23 -RRB- . For 2002 , it is expected that 56 outcome evaluations will be conducted with the following breakdown by region : RBA  18 , RBAP  17 , RBEC  10 , RBAS  1 and RBLAC  10 .
 It was further observed that it would be inappropriate for a legislative guide to suggest restrictions or limits to national states as to the criteria for international competence in insolvency matters . Some support was expressed in favour of including in the draft Guide a discussion of the issues arising in connection with consolidation of multiple debtors and related debt , as well as of the principles which should be   followed   in addressing those issues , with a view to ensuring that the insolvency of debtors being or acting as connected be treated in an equitable manner . Application and commencement criteria
 -LRB- c -RRB- Appropriate and efficient judicial and administrative mechanisms and methods for facilitating the repatriation of assets , including funds , of illicit origin derived from acts of corruption. , The text of this article is a revised version submitted at the second session of the Ad Hoc Committee by Austria , Colombia , Egypt , France , Mexico , Netherlands , Pakistan and Turkey -LRB- A/AC.261/L.58 -RRB- ,   following   the first reading of the draft text and pursuant to a request by the Chairman . Text based on the proposal submitted by France -LRB- A/AC.261/IPM/10 -RRB- , supported by Austria , Colombia , the Netherlands , Pakistan and Turkey .
 Commission on Human Rights During the year , the Special Committee closely   followed   the work of the Commission on Human Rights with regard to the question of the right of peoples to self-determination and its application to peoples under colonial domination , and to the question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms in any part of the world , with particular reference to colonial and other dependent Territories . The Special Committee further took into account the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly , including resolutions 55/77 , 55/80 , 55/85 , 55/104 and 55/108 of 4 December 2000 .
 Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination During the year , having regard to the relevant provisions of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the Special Committee continued to   follow   the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination -LRB- see also paras. 72 and 73 below -RRB- . Specialized agencies and international institutions associated with the United Nations
 Organization of African Unity Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the Organization of African Unity -LRB- OAU -RRB- on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of OAU . Caribbean Community
 Caribbean Community Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the Caribbean Community -LRB- CARICOM -RRB- on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of CARICOM . Pacific Islands Forum
 The Special Committee arrived at an agreement with the administering Powers jointly , after consultations , that American Samoa and Pitcairn would be discussed first . The Special Committee would   follow   the same approach in identifying other Territories to be discussed . Even though , with the exception of New Zealand , we have not received word from the administering Powers as to when they intend to propose a work programme for the first two Territories , the Special Committee is aware that , once a work programme for each of those Territories is agreed upon , there will be practical , administrative and financial arrangements that would also have to be discussed and agreed to .
 Women residing at the shelter have priority for the allocation of social housing . Social workers   follow   up cases of women who leave the shelter and settle elsewhere . The DVU has formulated detailed guidelines for practitioners , such as doctors , nurses , police , social workers and the clergy , to enable them detect cases of abused women and deal appropriately with victims of such abuse .
 In 1994 , women held senior management positions in only 4 of the top 10 commercial enterprises . These were : TeleMalta Corporation with 4 female managers -LRB- 40 % -RRB- ,   followed   by AirMalta Co. Ltd. with 3 -LRB- 5.2 % -RRB- , Brand International Ltd. with 1 -LRB- 12.5 % -RRB- , and EneMalta Corporation also with 1 -LRB- 10 % -RRB- . SGS Thomson Ltd. , the enterprise having the highest percentage of female employees , -LRB- 41 % -RRB- , was totally managed by males .
 The rate for still births per 1000 births was 4.0 -LRB- Table 12.6 -RRB- . For 1998 , live births by the age of mother and father were most common in the 25 to 29   followed   by the 30 to 34 brackets . Live births born to Maltese mothers under the age of 20 totalled 234. This equivalent to 5.2 % of all live births born to Maltese women of all ages shown in Table 12.7 .
 16.6 Family Name  Following   amendments to the Civil Code , the family retained the husband 's surname . However , married women obtained the right to choose whether to assume their husband 's surname , or to retain their maiden surname .
 United Nations meetings to be attended by the Chairperson or members of the Committee in 2002 The Committee recommended that the Chairperson or an alternate attend the   following   meetings in 2002 : -LRB- a -RRB- The forty-sixth session of the Commission on the Status of Women ;
 1 The London Group Coordinating Committee comprises representatives of the United Nations Statistics Division , the World Bank , OECD , Eurostat , the Australian Bureau of Statistics , Statistics Netherlands -LRB- immediate past meeting hosts -RRB- and Statistics Canada -LRB- secretariat -RRB- . 2 In addition to the regular London Group participants , the   following   countries were invited to represent the interests of the developing world : Botswana , Chile , China , Indonesia , Mexico , Mongolia , the Republic of Korea and Zimbabwe . Annex
 The Prevention of Money Laundering Regulations , 1994 aim to provide rules and obligations for subject persons carrying out relevant financial business to prevent them from being used for money laundering purposes . The know-your-client rule is the golden rule of the Regulations which is to be strictly   followed   . Section 3 of the Regulations requires subject persons to establish and maintain specific systems and procedures to guard against their business and the financial system from being abused for the purposes of money laundering .
 At the 561st meeting , on 25 February 2002 , the Chairman informed the Subcommittee that requests had been received from Algeria , Finland , the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya , Switzerland and Thailand to attend the session .  Following   past practice , those States were invited to send delegations to attend the current session of the Subcommittee and to address it as appropriate , without prejudice to further requests of that nature ; that action did not involve any decision of the Subcommittee concerning status but was a courtesy that the Subcommittee extended to those delegations . The following specialized agencies and other organizations in the United Nations system were represented at the session by observers : United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization -LRB- UNESCO -RRB- and International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- .
 -LRB- a -RRB- Disciplinary procedures set out in article X of the Staff Regulations and chapter X of the Staff Rules may be instituted against project personnel who fail to comply with their obligations and the standards of conduct set out in the Charter of the United Nations , the Staff Regulations and Rules , the Financial Regulations and Rules and all administrative issuances . -LRB- b -RRB- Project personnel shall   follow   the directions and instructions properly issued by the Secretary-General and their supervisors . -LRB- c -RRB- Project personnel must comply with local laws and honour their private legal obligations , including , but not limited to , the obligation to honour orders of competent courts .
 Note by the Secretary-General** Rules 155 and 156 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly provide as   follows   : Rule 155
 Revenue recognition The   following   examples illustrate the application of the SMEGA in a number of commercial situations in order to clarifying their meaning . The examples focus on particular aspects of a transaction and do not constitute comprehensive discussions of all the relevant factors that might influence the recognition of revenue .
 The long title states , among other things , that the Act is to `` provide for the circumstances and procedures under which abortions may be authorised after having full regard to the rights of the unborn child '' . The substance of the Act then sets out the procedures to be   followed   and refers to the legal criteria for the performance of an abortion . Certifying consultants are required to determine , in any particular case , whether there are lawful grounds for an abortion in accordance with these procedures and the criteria contained in section 187A of the Crimes Act 1961 .
 The Panel recommended to the Executive Secretary that these five claims be transferred to other categories of claims for review .  Following   this recommendation , the Executive Secretary transferred the three claims submitted by individuals to the D category of claims and the two claims submitted by corporate entities to the E2 category of claims , pursuant to article 32 -LRB- 3 -RRB- of the Rules . Legal framework
 The present report is submitted in response to that request . Its structure , for ease of reference ,   follows   the organization of section III , entitled Proposals , recommendations and conclusions , of the 2001 report of the Special Committee . Over the last two years , the Secretariat , in ongoing close dialogue with Member States , has sought to lay secure and adequate foundations for an effective peacekeeping structure and has presented a number of reports to further these efforts .
 Distribution of seats Bearing in mind the requirements of paragraph 2 of the annex to the draft resolution establishing the Committee on Budget and Finance , the distribution of seats for the first election is as   follows   : African States , seats ;
 In a family , movement and the choice of residence follow the common interest and the agreement of the family members as well as the husband and wife . If the husband and wife have different opinions , each may   follow   his or her choice . Such gap of opinions is not supposed to be settled by judicial or administrative means .
 Smoking guns replaced the torches of peace . Now we are   following   the profound debate taking place among the Palestinians . We respect it , because debate is the beginning of democracy .
 Submitting disputes before the United Nations and implementing United Nations resolutions , particularly those of the Security Council , can guarantee the peaceful settlement of any given conflict . By   following   that course , the parties could be spared the need to settle their dispute by military means . It may not be easy to contain the tragic ramifications of military action in a given region. That is particularly true of Iraq , which also was the subject of deliberations at the Beirut Arab Summit .
 We passed this information on to them , and they were so concerned that they even consulted with us on the advisability of sending the airlines a text issued by the U.S. Government . They sent us the text in which the airlines were informed of the   following   : We have received unconfirmed information of a plot to place explosive devices aboard civilian aircraft operating between Cuba and Latin American countries . Those involved in the plot plan to plant a small explosive device on board an aircraft -LRB- Basically , they explained what we had reported to them .
 The Department of Management indicated that a business continuity plan would be drawn up in 2002 . OIOS will   follow   up on management 's progress in implementing the above recommendations . -LRB- Signed -RRB- Dileep Nair Under-Secretary-General for Internal Oversight Services
 Further , the Minister acknowledged that Iraq was ready to cooperate with Kuwait to agree on non-discriminatory steps under ICRC supervision to resolve the missing persons issue , regardless of their nationalities . He also suggested that Iraq and Kuwait should   follow   the example of the cooperation between Iraq and the Islamic Republic of Iran , cooperation , under the supervision of ICRC , which afforded an example of what might be achieved between the parties concerned without the intervention of outside parties that sought to use the humanitarian issue for political ends . As reported by the Iraq News Agency , on 17 January 2002 the Director-General of Information of Iraq , Uday al-Ta'aee , stated that his country would welcome a visit to its prisons by Kuwaiti officials so as to prove that there were no Kuwaiti prisoners .
 Meetings were also held with relevant officials at the headquarters of several United Nations organizations , including with the representatives of those organizations on ACC/SWR . In addition , part of the discussions of ACC/SWR during its twenty-second session -LRB- WMO , Geneva , September 2001 -RRB- was   followed   during the process of preparation of this report . It should be emphasized , though , that the case studies were not selected for their own technical evaluation but rather to serve the objective of the report by providing entry points to review , at the field level , the activities and performance of the United Nations organizations which provide technical assistance to water-related projects , including the existing degree of coordination/ collaboration among the organizations at that level and the extent to which synergies and complementarities are effectively sought in their operational interventions for the benefits of the targeted communities .
 The possibility of inter-agency consultations at the country level , involving key headquarters and regional staff , should be explored for selected countries . -LRB- g -RRB- Drawing up of a common text for directives to their regional/programme structures , and to ensure that the respective directives are shared and   followed   up . At the beginning of 2001 , all four Executive Committee member agencies also issued instructions to their regional and country offices requesting the inclusion of accountabilities for CCA/UNDAF in the performance plans and assessments of representatives and other key staff .
 Saint Lucia referred to a global survey showing that 78 per cent of people worldwide were calling for a mechanism for corporate accountability . Noting that the Prime Minister had set up a special office to   follow   events around the partnerships in the Summit process , she noted that the credibility of the United Nations should be kept intact through the establishment of a framework for monitoring and suggested a code of conduct for transnational corporations should be linked to type one and two outcomes so that the latter did not become an independent side event at the Summit . China offered its support and expressed willingness to discuss corporate accountability in partnerships .
 In that context , it was felt that capacity-building in the country programme should be strengthened . Additional information was sought on the precise approaches to be   followed   in the area of HIV/AIDS , especially for children orphaned by AIDS . The Regional Director reassured delegations that UNICEF planned to increase its focus on IDPs .
 Another disadvantage is that , in practice , the holder of the mortgage often fails to sufficiently monitor the firm 's business activities and to actively participate in reorganization proceedings since the mortgagee is amply secured . In order to counterbalance the mortgagee 's overly strong position , the debtor-enterprise may be given a claim for the release of grossly excessive security -LRB- see para.   Following   the example of some countries , one may also consider mitigating the mortgagee 's priority in the case of the enterprise 's insolvency -LRB- see paras . 23 and 26 , as well as A/CN.9/WG.VI/WP.6/Add.5 , paras .
 No age analysis reports were prepared during the biennium 2000-2001 for the ageing of debts . An age analysis is a critical control measure to ensure that all accounts receivable are   followed   up on a timely basis to reduce the possibility of losses due to write-offs . An accounts receivable module was not available on the previous financial system , and a module for accounts receivable was purchased but had yet to be implemented in the new financial management system at the time of the audit .
 UNRWA informed the Board that it had aggressively pursued the collection of outstanding receivables using manual subsidiary ledgers . The Board recommends that UNRWA implement the accounts receivable module in order to   follow   up receivables balances in a timely manner . At the request of the Board for an age analysis of accounts receivable , UNRWA prepared an age analysis report for account 125 -LRB- miscellaneous claims and receivables -RRB- , which indicated that the total amount of receivables outstanding for 120 days and longer was $ 1.4 million , of which $ 1.3 million related to the headquarters in Gaza .
 The Board was pleased to note that the Department reports directly to the Commissioner-General and has unrestricted access to all records and information . The Commissioner-General ,   following   a recommendation of the Audit Committee in April 2000 , approved the expansion of the functions of the Audit and Inspection Department to include performance audits . However , the Board noted that the mandate of the Department remained unchanged .
 Note 7 Accounts receivable Accounts receivable reported in statement 2 include the   following   items -LRB- in United States dollars -RRB- : a Contributions receivable represent confirmed pledges outstanding from donors towards regular budget activities for the biennium 2000-2001 as at 31 December 2001 , as reflected in appendix 3 .
 As suggested by the Joint Declaration issued on 26 June 2002 by the Special Rapporteur , the Committee against Torture , the Board of Trustees of the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Victims of Torture and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on the occasion of the United Nations Day in Support of Victims of Torture -LRB- see annex -RRB- , focused visits by independent multidisciplinary teams of experts to places of detention and other places where persons are deprived of their liberty have proved to be a most effective way to prevent torture . Law enforcement officials and other detention personnel and authorities who are aware that their behaviour may be scrutinized at any point by internal and external monitoring bodies are certainly much more inclined to   follow   existing rules and procedures pertaining to arrest and detention . Most legal systems have established procedures which , if properly applied , would drastically diminish the opportunities to commit torture and other forms of ill-treatment .
 -LRB- b -RRB- Equipment not required by other peacekeeping missions but which may be useful for operations of other United Nations agencies , international organizations or non-governmental organizations and which it is not feasible to keep in reserve will be sold to a relevant agency or organization ; -LRB- c -RRB- Any equipment or property not required or which it is not feasible to dispose of in the above manner or which is in poor condition will be subject to commercial disposal in the area of operations ,   following   standard United Nations regulations and procedures ; -LRB- d -RRB- Any surplus mission assets remaining after disposition under the terms referred to in paragraphs -LRB- a -RRB- to -LRB- c -RRB- above , and/or any assets which have already been installed in the country and which , if dismantled , would in fact set back the rehabilitation process of the country , will be contributed to the duly recognized Government of the country involved .
 A/CN.4/526/Add.3 , para . The draft guidelines read as   follows   : -LSB- 2.5.5 Competence to withdraw a reservation at the international level
 A/CN.4/526/Add.2 , para . The model clauses read as   follows   : Model clause A - Deferment of the effective date of the withdrawal of a reservation
 India participated actively in the work of the Panel of Governmental Experts , established to prepare a report on the issue of missiles in all its aspects , which completed its work this year . We have also   followed   with interest other initiatives aimed at dealing with the issue of missiles . We wish to see the norms against the proliferation of missiles strengthened through transparent , multilateral agreements on the basis of equal and undiminished security , which also ensure that civilian space-related applications are not adversely affected .
 Global We believe that Agenda 21 can not be successfully implemented unless the global commitments made at the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development are fulfilled and the Rio principle of common but differentiated responsibilities is   followed   in its letter and spirit . Existing multilateral agreements and related institutions should be better utilized so as to be able to assist countries to meet their obligations under them efficiently .
 Attempts to provide adequate services to delegations and programmes within the reduced level of real resources available in the biennium 2002-2003 have only been partially successful . Some limited efficiencies have been realized as a result of   following   a more disciplined meeting schedule . However , some of the other service cutbacks , while reducing the level of expenditures , have had the undesired effect of negatively impacting the quality of service delivery and can not be sustained in the long run without becoming counterproductive and reducing productivity .
 Mr. MAGARIOS -LRB- Director-General -RRB- welcomed the initiative taken by the Government of Guatemala to contribute towards its own integrated programme . Other developing countries were now   following   suitan indication of the wind of change that had swept through the Organization in recent years . Assessing his first term of office , he said that in 1997 UNIDO 's prospects had been very poor , following the withdrawal of Member States and major donors such as the United States of America , Australia and Canada .
 E. Penal reform In line with the plan of action for the implementation of the Vienna Declaration on Crime and Justice , section X on prison overcrowding and alternatives to incarceration , the Commission may wish to reiterate its call upon Member States to take action to address the issue of prison overcrowding and alternatives to imprisonment ,   following   up on the recommendations contained in Economic and Social Council resolution 1999/27 on penal reform , and to apply the principles contained in the Arusha Declaration on Good Prison Practice . The Commission may also wish to call upon the Centre for International Crime Prevention to provide assistance in the form of advisory services , needs assessments , capacity-building , training or other assistance to States , upon request , to enable them to improve prison conditions , reduce prison overcrowding and increase reliance on alternatives to imprisonment .
 The issue of genetic manipulation is a very broad area presenting many human rights issues . As the scientific procedures are not yet established , the experts suggested that the High Commissioner should closely   follow   developments from a human rights perspective . Priority should be accorded to activities promoting the values of difference and diversity in humankind , as recognized in the Declaration , especially articles 1 and 2 .
 That should be accomplished by involving the countries concerned in designing those standards and ensuring adequate technical assistance to implement them . The new International Accounting Standard Board should strengthen accounting standards and give domestic accounting firms incentives to   follow   agreed professional standards , strengthen corporate governance and enhance corporate public disclosure as well as the quality and independence of monitoring of firms by investment advisers . It was regrettable that the international financial system still lacked a coherent and realistic international strategy to deal with financial instability and the debt sustainability of developing countries .
 It could take a couple of days longer to process a formal mutual assistance request as opposed to an informal one . This reflects the fact that , where a formal request is made and dealt with under the Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Act 1992 , certain procedures have to be   followed   , for example , certain documentation has to be prepared for the Solicitor-General who decides , on behalf of the Attorney-General , whether to grant the request. - Again , however , the time required would depend on the nature of the request . Where a request seeks evidence for use in later proceedings and no particular urgency attaches -LRB- for instance , there is no likelihood that evidence will be destroyed or eye witness evidence lost -RRB- then the response time may be extended .
 Recognizing further that late payments of assessed contributions adversely affect the financial situation of the Organization , Stressing that the established procedures for the formulation , implementation and approval of the programme budget must be maintained and strictly   followed   , Reaffirms that the Fifth Committee is the appropriate Main Committee of the General Assembly entrusted with responsibilities for administrative and budgetary matters ;
 Reaffirms that the medium-term plan , as approved by the General Assembly , shall continue to constitute the principal policy directive of the United Nations ; Reiterates that the priorities for the biennium 2002-2003 are the   following   : -LRB- a -RRB- Maintenance of international peace and security ;
 -LRB- c -RRB- Reletter paragraphs -LRB- b -RRB- and -LRB- c -RRB- as -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- respectively -LRB- d -RRB- Add a new expected accomplishment -LRB- c -RRB- , as   follows   :  -LRB- c -RRB- Increased capacity of developing countries to deal with disaster relief.
 Finally , the Chairperson-Rapporteur encouraged the Working Group to work towards convergence and solidarity rather than to become blocked by confrontation . The independent expert   followed   the Chairperson-Rapporteur with a description of his current work on the right to development . He highlighted that in his work , he had always been guided by a simple objective , namely to consider the right to development in a manner that is realizable and able to be implemented immediately .
  Legal adviser to the Lebanese Council of Women  Member of the non-governmental executive committee to   follow   up on problems affecting women Main professional activities
 Originally , the depositary was not in a position to accept the original instrument , lodged in December 1999 , as a ratification , since it differed from the United Kingdom 's practice , which consisted of ratifying certain treaties in respect of the United Kingdom 's metropolitan territory and later extending them to its Overseas Territories . In this particular case , the instrument of ratification of December 1999 related only to the Overseas Territories , while the metropolitan territory falls under the procedure to be   followed   regarding the transfer of competence to the European Community . However , after thorough examination , the Legal Counsel , taking into account special circumstances , decided to accommodate the United Kingdom approach , provided that the United Kingdom made a formal declaration explaining the legal constraints on ratification in respect of its metropolitan territory flowing from the United Kingdom 's membership in the European Community and stating its intention to ratify the Agreement simultaneously with the European Community and the other member States .
 As regards developments at the regional level , the IMO Secretariat in its contribution provided information on the evaluation and assessment missions it had undertaken during 2001 . The assessment missions   follow   up on previous IMO piracy seminars and workshops and examine , with responsible governmental representatives , what measures the national authorities responsible for anti-piracy activities had taken to implement the relevant IMO guidelines ; where such measures had not been successful and what had impeded their implementation ; and , eventually , how IMO could assist in overcoming any difficulties encountered in the process . IMO conducted three evaluation and assessment missions in 2001 : one in Indonesia -LRB- 13 and 14 March 2001 -RRB- ; one in Singapore for selected countries bordering the Indian Ocean , the Malacca Straits and the South China Sea/Pacific Ocean -LRB- 15 and 16 March 2001 -RRB- , and one in Ecuador for selected countries of the Latin American region -LRB- 25 and 26 September 2001 -RRB- .
 These recommendations are designed to help contractors to fulfil their obligations under the contract as they relate to the protection of the marine environment from potential harmful effects which may arise from activities in the Area . The purpose of the recommendations is to describe the procedures to be   followed   in the acquisition of baseline data by contractors , including the monitoring to be performed during or after any activities having the potential to cause serious harm to the environment , and to facilitate reporting by contractors . The recommendations are based upon the outcomes of an international workshop held by the Authority in 1998 , which were then given detailed scrutiny by the Legal and Technical Commission .
 The thematic approach is followed so as to ensure the synergies that exist in particular areas , such as the cluster of multilateral environmental agreements relating to oceans , are identified and utilized . The institutional approach is   followed   , ensuring that knowledge and capacity are not only developed and transferred but also sustained . The UNU Fisheries Training Programme offers six-month postgraduate training in six fisheries and fisheries-related fields in Iceland , covering fishery policy and planning , marine and inland water resource assessment and monitoring , and environmental assessment and monitoring .
 In the General Service and related categories , the departments and offices that recruited more than 50 staff in the General Service category between 1 July 2001 and 30 June 2002 were the United Nations Offices at Geneva , Vienna and Nairobi , ECLAC , UNCTAD , UNEP , ECA , the Department of Public Information and the Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services , followed by the Office of Central Support Services , the Field Administration and Logistics Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the United Nations Compensation Commission . In the Professional category , the Office of Mission Support of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations recruited 28.1 per cent of all new Professional staff -LRB- 470 -RRB- ,   followed   by the Department of Public Information , the Department of Peacekeeping Operations , UNCTAD , ECLAC , Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights -LRB- OHCHR -RRB- , UNEP and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs , each with more than 50 new staff . Seven departments and offices7 each recruited 20 or more P-2 staff .
 Among 76 newly recruited Directors , 34 were for the Office of Mission Support . The United Nations Office at Geneva accounted for 20.7 per cent of all recruitments between 1 July 2001 and 30 June 2002 ,   followed   by the Office of Mission Support -LRB- 13.3 per cent -RRB- , the Department of Public Information -LRB- 7.1 per cent -RRB- , the United Nations Office at Vienna -LRB- 6.8 per cent -RRB- and ECLAC -LRB- 5.1 per cent -RRB- . Recruitments comprised short-term appointments and appointments of limited duration -LRB- 69.8 per cent , mostly for missions -RRB- , fixed-term appointments -LRB- 24.7 per cent -RRB- and new probationary appointments -LRB- 1.9 per cent -RRB- .
 At its previous sessions , the Committee had considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on Decolonization relating to military activities in Non-Self-Governing Territories in conjunction with the item Economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories -LRB- item 81 -RRB- . He took it that the Committee wished to   follow   the same procedure at the current session . It was so decided .
 Work on the Police Training School at Mandera in the north-west was completed , including a separate dormitory for female recruits , the first group of 30 women starting in June 2002 . Mainstreaming of human rights has also been introduced into the curriculum for this intake ,   following   a training of trainers course initiated by UNDP . The Demobilization Task Force of the Somalia Aid Coordination Body , under the Somali Civil Protection Programme , continues to review , plan and coordinate international support for demobilization and reintegration work in Somalia , with regular coordination meetings both in Nairobi and in Somalia .
 Figure 2 shows that UNDP , UNFPA , UNICEF , WFP and the other specialized agencies , funds and programmes recorded positive expansion in 2001 and thus contributed to the overall growth of United Nations technical cooperation . UNFPA -LRB- at 133.9 per cent -RRB- registered the highest growth ,   followed   by WFP -LRB- at 50.6 per cent -RRB- and then UNICEF -LRB- at 14.3 per cent -RRB- . UNDP and the other specialized agencies , funds and programmes also showed some noteworthy gains , at 5.7 per cent and 0.7 per cent , respectively .
 The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions and the General Assembly were concerned about the implications of alleged fee-splitting at the International Tribunals for Rwanda and the Former Yugoslavia . Following a request of the Advisory Committee -LRB- A/55/642 , para. 57 -RRB- , the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Board redoubled their efforts to   follow   up on the rumours of fee-splitting practices between defendants and legal counsel within the Tribunals . The Office of Internal Oversight Services conducted a detailed review of the allegations regarding fee-splitting arrangements at both Tribunals in 2000 -LRB- A/55/759 -RRB- .
 Approach II : More extensive revisions of existing modalities and procedures , possibly including elaboration of checklists or annexes to the modalities . The approach would take existing modalities and procedures , and   follow   the CDM project cycle , as a starting point for elaborating a number of complementary modalities to address environmental impacts of afforestation and reforestation project activities . Requirements could be elaborated to reflect possible additional modalities and procedures for each project phase as described in chapter V of this document .
 It welcomed the cooperation and coordination that had developed between the Office and the other United Nations oversight bodies , namely , the Board of Auditors and the Joint Inspection Unit. Their activities could thus complement each other , thereby avoiding redundancy . His delegation had carefully studied the annual report of OIOS , but it also   followed   closely the reports the Office devoted to specific issues . It believed that it would also be useful for the Office to inform delegations periodically of its investigation activities .
 The question was whether the responsibility of the State came into play as soon as the internationally wrongful act was committed , independently of the exhaustion of local remedies . It was proposed , therefore , that , in the interests of harmonization , the Commission   follow   the approach taken in article 44 , Admissibility of claims , of the draft articles on State responsibility . Similarly , it was noted that the drafting of article 12 was open to question : it was queried how a breach of local law could of itself constitute an internationally wrongful act .
 Present passports exhibit advanced technical features that render falsification difficult ; moreover , the General Directorate of Public Security is about to issue a new type of Lebanese passport incorporating advanced , internationally recognized technical characteristics that will reduce to the minimum the possibility of falsifying data entries . With regard to the issuance of identity papers , the procedures   followed   in the General Directorate of Personal Status , which is subordinate to the Ministry of Interior and Municipalities and placed under the authority of the Minister , call for verification of the identity of the applicant by means of a form to be filled in , indicating the particulars of his identity , the manner in which he obtained Lebanese nationality -LRB- by birth or by virtue of a republican decree or a judgement of the competent court in Lebanon , etc. -RRB- . All the information entered on the form , including a photograph and the signature of the applicant , prints of all the fingers of both hands and the signatures of two Lebanese witnesses , must be certified by the mayor of the locality , village or quarter .
 The Council 's programme of work will surely be considerably enriched by this debate ; by the contributions of all delegations and Council members ; by the very important statements of Ambassador imonovi , speaking on behalf of the Economic and Social Council , and Ambassador Kb , speaking on behalf of the Organization of African Unity -LRB- OAU -RRB- ; and , most especially , by all the efforts of the ad hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa , under the guidance of Ambassador Koonjul .  Following   the agreed procedure for this meeting , I wish to refer to some of the points raised today . First of all , it has been made quite clear by the vast majority of speakers that the Council devotes a very significant share of its time to addressing problems of peace and security in Africa .
 They determined that the NAFTA 's standard is the customary international law minimum standard of treatment . Moving to the area of national treatment , the NAFTA , for example , subsequently   followed   by a number of FTAs , took an approach similar to that of the GATS . Each Party is required to accord the better of national treatment -LRB- and MFN -RRB- treatment to investors of another Party , and to investments of investors of another Party in like circumstances , with respect to the establishment , acquisition , expansion , management , conduct , operation , and sale or other disposition of investments -LRB- Articles 1102-1104 -RRB- .
 If the request relates to documents or evidence as described in article 93 , paragraph 10 -LRB- b -RRB- -LRB- ii -RRB- , the Prosecutor or Chamber , as appropriate , shall obtain the written consent of the relevant State before proceeding with the request . When the Court decides to grant the request for cooperation or assistance from a State , the request shall be executed , insofar as possible ,   following   any procedure outlined therein by the requesting State and permitting persons specified in the request to be present . Section V Cooperation under article 98
 Prospects for agricultural development are limited owing to the small amount of land suitable for cultivation . The largest trading partner of American Samoa is the United States ,   followed   by New Zealand , Australia and Fiji . Imports are mainly food -LRB- 22 per cent -RRB- and petroleum products -LRB- 17 per cent -RRB- , machine parts , building materials , textiles and clothing ; canned tuna accounts for 97 per cent of exports.10 In 2002 , imports increased by 125 per cent from levels of the previous year in the major categories of merchandise and particularly in the subcategories of automobiles and heavy equipment.11
 2.8 On the following dates the President and the State-owned media made allegations about the author 's involvement with the LTTE : 25 June 2001 ; 29 July 2001 ; 5 August 2001 ; 2.9 Furthermore , on 18 July 2001 , the author alleges to have been   followed   by an unidentified gunman close to his constituency office . The author lodged a complaint with the police on the same day but no action was taken in this regard .
 Counsel for the author requested assistance of Australian lawyers who emphasized the difficulty of such a procedure because of the significant time period that had elapsed since the accident . Despite additional information on the case submitted by the Swiss counsel , the said Australian lawyers did not   follow   up on the case . No further actions were taken by the author in this regard .
 The Minister of Women 's Affairs had visited the zones to view the conditions for herself , and had identified worker housing as the main problem . The Government had provided better worker hostels as a model for companies to   follow   . Currently there was no system to include the work of housewives or unpaid family agricultural workers in labour statistics .
 The fruits of those efforts are already being enjoyed at this very session . We believe they are an example to be   followed   when taking up the Secretary-General 's proposals contained in the report under consideration today . At the same time , we must stress that our main objective is to continue consolidating the concept of a United Nations culture , which we have included in all school curricula in Kuwait .
 Switzerland joined in sponsoring the revised draft resolution . At the same meeting , the representative of Denmark , on behalf of the sponsors , orally revised draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.43/Rev.1 as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- The words and the two memorandums signed at the conclusion of the second round of peace talks on 18 November 2002 were added at the end of operative paragraph 1 -LRB- a -RRB- ;
 He also informed the Council members that MONUC had been enjoying good cooperation from the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo . The Council members shared his assessment of the situation and stressed the need to   follow   the situation closely so as to further the peace process in areas such as disarmament , demobilization , repatriation , resettlement and reintegration , cessation of assistance to the armed groups , withdrawal of foreign forces and the demilitarization of Kisangani . On 24 July , the Council held a formal meeting on the situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , at which the Secretary-General and his Special Representative were present .
 The extensive advocacy efforts of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict , the Committee on the Rights of the Child , other United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations not only contributed to the adoption of the Protocol but has also resulted in a number of commitments by parties to conflict not to use child soldiers . Member States are thus urged to   follow   suit and ratify the Optional Protocol as soon as possible so that this becomes a widely adopted international standard . The extremely disturbing allegations of sexual abuse committed by humanitarian workers in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , referred to above -LRB- para. 50 -RRB- , have reminded us that protecting children and women requires constant vigilance .
 Requests the Secretary-General to provide the International Law Seminar with adequate services , including interpretation , as required , and encourages him to continue considering ways to improve the structure and content of the Seminar ; Also requests the Secretary-General to forward to the International Law Commission , for its attention , the records of the debate on the report of the Commission at the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly , together with such written statements as delegations may circulate in conjunction with their oral statements , and to prepare and distribute a topical summary of the debate ,   following   established practice ; Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States , as soon as possible after the conclusion of the session of the International Law Commission , chapter II of its report containing a summary of the work of that session and the draft articles adopted on either first or second reading by the Commission ;
 According to the reported incidents , neglect was found to be the most common form of abuse and significant differences were found in rates of abuse of men and of women . Perpetrators of abuse were most frequently adult children -LRB- 37 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by spouses -LRB- 13 per cent -RRB- and other family members -LRB- 11 per cent -RRB- . Few data are available on the incidence of abuse of older persons in institutional settings .
 It is precisely in the name of the principle of the universality of the United Nations that Senegal reiterates its fervent wish to see the Republic of China on Taiwan join the concert of nations and assume its full responsibilities in our Organization and its specialized agencies . Granting that request ,   following   the good precedent of the World Trade Organization , would bring justice to the 23 million inhabitants of the Republic of China on Taiwan , who through their exemplary conduct on the world stage have already given proof of Taipei 's attachment to the noble objectives of the San Francisco Charter . Last week , the United Nations and the international community commemorated the anniversary of the tragic events of 11 September 2001 .
 See document FCCC/CP/1996/2 . Following the inability of the Conference of the Parties at its fifth session to reach any conclusion on this matter -LRB- FCCC/CP/1999/6 , para. 18 -RRB- , and   following   rule 10 -LRB- c -RRB- and rule 16 of the draft rules of procedure being applied , an item entitled Second review of the adequacy of Article 4.2 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- of the Convention was included in the provisional agenda for the Conference of the Parties at its sixth and seventh sessions . Attached to this item was a footnote reflecting a proposal made at the fifth session by the Group of 77 and China to amend this item to read Review of the adequacy of implementation of Article 4 , paragraph 2 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- , of the Convention .
 I express once again my deep regret that the Secretariat of the United Nations sidesteps the obvious fact that the United States is trying to reverse the situation on the Korean peninsula and in north-east Asia by creating a nuclear fuss at the very point in time when relations between north and south of Korea , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and Japan have entered a new phase , in particular , as a result of the positive efforts of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . If the Secretariat of the United Nations wants peace and stability on the Korean peninsula in earnest , it should approach the nuclear issue on a fair and impartial basis , not   following   the unilateral assertion of the United States that the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea constitutes a threat , and should encourage the conclusion of a non-aggression treaty between the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and the United States as the best way to bridge over the grave situation created on the peninsula due to the threats posed by the United States . I would like to request that the text of the present letter be circulated as a document of the General Assembly at is fifty-seventh session under agenda item 56 .
 Crimes related to prostitution are regulated by laws including the Anti-Prostitution Law , Child Welfare Law , Employment Security Law , and the Law for Punishing Acts Related to Child Prostitution and Child Pornography. The situation for identified cases relating to prostitution for the past five years is as listed in Statistical Annex 47 . In terms of the types of cases , procuration is the most frequent reason for identification ,   followed   by contract and solicitation. In terms of the number of identified persons , procuration is the most frequent reason , followed by solicitation ,  and providing facilities. b -RRB- Situation of Processing for Cases Received on Charges Filed by Citizens or Referred From Police at the Public Prosecutor 's Office
 A case in point was JITAP , which was subject to an intensive assessment of all its activities . The secretariat took note of the concerns voiced in this connection and would   follow   up . As for the work of the Panel of Eminent Personalities , the Panel had been appointed by the Secretary-General and he was not in a position to assess the Panel 's evaluation .
 Chairmen of regional groups The   following   information regarding the chairmanship of the regional groups for the month of October 2002 has been communicated to the Secretariat : African States :
 The largest portion of the balance , GBP 286 , 711 , relates to goods of British origin and was payable by Midland Bank under the ECGD-guaranteed line of credit . However , by a letter dated 16 August 1990 , the ECGD notified Combustion as   follows   : As a result of Iraq 's poor payment record over recent months and the current invasion of Kuwait ECGD is unable to provide any further cover on these markets and loan drawings have been suspended .
 During the Kosovo conflict , a few sites outside Kosovo , in Serbia and Montenegro , had also been targeted with ordnance containing depleted uranium .  Following   the precautionary approach advocated by UNEP and to reduce uncertainties about the environmental impacts of depleted uranium , it was evident that a second phase of scientific work would be needed . This second phase started in September 2001 and was concluded in March 2002 with the publication of the report Depleted Uranium in Serbia and Montenegro - Post-Conflict Environmental Assessment in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
 Requests all States , including the administering Powers , to continue to extend their cooperation in the dissemination of information referred to in paragraph 2 above ; Requests the Special Committee to   follow   the implementation of the present resolution and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session . H. Military activities and arrangements by colonial Powers in Territories under their administration
 Article 67 It is proposed to amend article 67 to read as   follows   : Article 67
 Although no date had been fixed for a further meeting in the context of the dialogue , it was nevertheless hoped that the continued contacts between Iraq and the United Nations would lead to an early resumption of inspections in Iraq . It was also stressed that Iraq should   follow   the sequence of steps that had been outlined by the Secretary-General in his letter dated 6 August 2002 addressed to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Iraq and prescribed with no ambiguity in Council resolution 1284 -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . The College was of the view that a formal invitation should be sent to UNMOVIC to resume inspections .
 Introduction The Committee welcomes the third and fourth periodic reports of Luxembourg , which were combined in a single document   following   the Committee 's recommendation . The report was submitted on time and is in full conformity with the guidelines of the Committee for the preparation of State party periodic reports .
 Moreover , it will analyse macroeconomic issues and the performance of production sectors using current analytical , forecasting and policy simulation tools . It will   follow   up international economic trends and transitions relevant to national and regional economies , especially an analysis of their impact on employment and other social issues . An analysis will also be conducted of regional financial markets and the mobilization of financial resources ; fiscal developments ; trends in foreign and domestic debt ; banking systems and credit markets ; and trends in the environment of increased competitiveness .
 We welcome that decision . We call on the remaining three States not yet parties to the NPT to   follow   Cuba 's example at the earliest possible moment . Sadly , the list of negatives is not only much longer , but also disproportionately more serious and disturbing .
 Restrictive , such as Peru 's treaty with the United States , where there is a list of crimes and its provisions apply only to those crimes ; Inclusive , such as Peru 's treaty with Ecuador , which covers all kinds of crimes , provided that the   following   general requirements , inter alia , are met : the crime must not be political , the crime must be punishable by more than one year 's imprisonment , criminal proceedings must not be time-barred . Restrictive treaties can not be extended to crimes not originally included in their lists , but thus far no attempts have been made to amend such treaties to adapt them to Security Council resolutions .
 The role and mandate of the Social Forum The Social Forum acknowledges and affirms its mandate and expresses its intention to act as a forum to exchange information on the enjoyment of economic , social and cultural rights and its relationship to the process of globalization ; to follow up on situations of poverty and destitution in the world ; to propose legal standards and initiatives , guidelines and other recommendations ; and to   follow   up the agreements reached at the major world conferences and the Millennium Summit and to make contributions to forthcoming major international events . In accordance with its mandate , the Social Forum is a space for dialogue between participants from across the spectrum of relevant actors - NGOs , community organizations , trade unions , social movements , private sector entities , international financial and economic institutions , and development agencies .
 The Chairman : Before proceeding to the election of officers , I would like to draw your attention to the decision taken by the General Assembly at its 1935th meeting on 22 September 1971 , concerning the procedure for the election of officers of the main committees . According to the terms of that decision , the nomination of candidates should be limited to one statement for each candidate , after which the Committee should immediately proceed to the election. The Committee will therefore   follow   that procedure today . I shall now give the floor to the representative of the Republic of Korea , Mr. Son Se-joo .
 Activities of the Working Group during 2002 Throughout the year , the members of the Working Group have   followed   with concern the difficulties experienced by the Agency and , in particular , the serious financial situation it continued to face . The Working Group held two meetings , on 27 September and 10 October 2002 , to consider the recent developments in the Agency 's financial situation and to prepare its report to the General Assembly .
 This work would be relevant to enterprises eager to attract domestic as well as foreign investment regardless of their legal form or size . Such guidance would also promote awareness in countries and companies that are currently unwilling or unable to   follow   best practices and to satisfy investors ' expectations regarding corporate governance disclosures , and which thus find it harder and probably more expensive to attract investment . In fact , some institutional investors have withdrawn from emerging markets where corporate governance is perceived to be weak .
 Requests the Secretary-General to extend full cooperation to the Working Group and to give priority to implementing its recommendations ; Also requests the Secretary-General to report to the Council at its substantive session of 2003 on the action taken to   follow   up the present resolution , including the findings of the Working Group and an assessment of its work and mandate . Meeting of States parties to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
 It also affirmed the sincere desire of the Islamic world to continue the dialogue with human cultures , and called upon international parties to be responsive to the positive position of the Islamic world on the dialogue among civilizations and to demonstrate a sincere desire to achieve understanding among the peoples of the world on the basis of mutual respect and within the framework of international law , in order to spare mankind crises and conflicts . The session decided to give full support to ISESCO in continuing its work of   following   up the applications of the Cultural Strategy and the strategy for Islamic cultural endeavour in the West . It called for the revitalization of the role of the Supreme Council for Education and Culture in the West and called upon ISESCO to develop a comprehensive concept to crystallize its integrated vision for Islamic cultural endeavour in the West in the light of international variables .
 Current practice Most parliamentary documentation posted on the United Nations web site strictly   follows   the simultaneous availability rule . This is ensured by the fact that these documents are made available on the web site by copying them from the Official Document System -LRB- ODS -RRB- after they are released on that system in accordance with the same rules .
 That amount reflected the resource requirements for the maintenance of the Mission at its currently authorized military strength of 17 , 500 personnel . However ,   following   the Sierra Leone elections , an assessment of the prevailing security and political situation would be carried out during the second half of 2002 , with a view to recommending possible adjustments in the Mission 's troop strength . No major troop-level adjustments were expected to be made until early 2003 .
 This success is the fruit of courageous determination on the part of the East Timorese people , the generous commitment of the international community and the will to achieve peace through dialogue and reconciliation . Let us hope that this example is fully realized there and   followed   in other afflicted regions of the world . The President -LRB- spoke in Russian -RRB- : The next speaker on my list is the representative of Australia .
 Background Pursuant to paragraph 116 of General Assembly resolution 56/253 , wherein the Secretary-General was requested to pursue his efforts to maximize the use of the United Nations Centre in Bangkok , including its external use , and to report thereon to the Assembly at its fifty-seventh session , the   following   report summarizes such efforts . Promotion of use by United Nations agencies and offices
 It also requested the Unit , when appropriate , to provide in its reports information on estimated financial implications or possible cost savings resulting from implementation of the recommendations formulated therein . In the same resolution , the General Assembly called upon the Unit to   follow   up on the implementation of its recommendations and to include the relevant information regularly in its annual reports . Furthermore , in paragraph 5 -LRB- e -RRB- -LRB- iii -RRB- of its resolution 48/218 B of 29 July 1994 , by which it established the Office of Internal Oversight Services , the General Assembly decided that the Board of Auditors and the Unit should be provided with copies of all final reports produced by the Office as well as the comments of the Secretary-General on them and should provide the Assembly with their comments as appropriate .
 Tourism is the primary economic activity , accounting for more than 70 per cent of GDP . It is   followed   by the manufacturing sector , which consists of petroleum refining , textiles , electronics , pharmaceuticals and watch and jewellery assembly.16 With the reduction in the size of its public sector , the Government is intensifying efforts to promote new private sector investment in the Territory .
 Labour Employers in the United States Virgin Islands must   follow   federal and territorial labour laws , such as minimum wage and hours , standards of safety and occupational health and payment of social security and unemployment insurance . The Territory has an insurance programme for the unemployed .
 We can not insist on strict observance of these principles by one State but offer another the impunity to flout these principles at will . Pakistan has closely   followed   the deliberations of the Quartet. It is our hope that the Quartet 's forthcoming meeting will lead to the charting of a course of action to break the endless cycle of violence in the region and move finally towards a just , negotiated and final settlement . It is a moment of grave responsibility for all parties .
 On 10 December the Special Rapporteur went to Musema , in Butaganzwa commune , Kayanza province , where a few weeks earlier , on 9 November , more than 400 pupils -LRB- girls and boys -RRB- were reportedly taken from their beds at dawn and abducted by the rebels -LRB- approximately 300 people , 150 of them armed , and several minors -RRB- , after they had burned some of the school facilities -LRB- the canteens , dormitories , kitchen and the room containing the school archives -RRB- . The young girls are said to have escaped shortly afterwards , but the boys were reportedly forced to   follow   the armed group . According to witnesses , they were used as porters and had walked for a number of kilometres barefoot , many of them without clothes .
 The Sub-Commission accordingly urged the Commission to give high priority to the question and repeated its suggestion that the Commission  establish at its fifty-eighth session an intersessional open-ended working group entrusted with the further study of a draft optional protocol to the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights . In that same resolution , lastly , the Sub-Commission decided to continue to   follow   progress towards the elaboration of a draft optional protocol to the Covenant at its fifty-fourth session . B. Consultations by the independent expert
 Notes 1 The   following   wording for the sub-items of the general debate is based on General Assembly resolution 34/182 of 18 December 1979 : -LRB- a -RRB- Promotion of the establishment of a new , more just and more effective world information and communications order intended to strengthen peace and international understanding and based on the free circulation and wider and better balanced dissemination of information ;
 The representative of Sudan stated that the organization , by contradicting its own answers and being continuously and seriously misinformed about a Member State of the United Nations , had put its credibility and integrity in serious doubt . The delegation of the Sudan reserved its right to raise further questions concerning the organization while   following   its activities closely . The representative of Cuba made the following statement :
 Another important document relating to the rights of non-nationals is the 2001 report of the Special Rapporteur of the Subcommission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights , David Weissbrodt -LRB- E/CN.4/Sub.2/ 2001/20 and Add.1 -RRB- . The primary reference document for the mandate on the human rights of migrants is the Universal Declaration of Human Rights ,   followed   by the principal international human rights instruments , including the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights , the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women . All these conventions and the Universal Declaration contain clauses concerning non-discrimination in the application of the rights they set forth .
 This growing interest on the part of States has been matched by greater activism and involvement by NGOs and civil society in the protection of migrants at the international level . The primary reference document for the mandate on the human rights of migrants is the Universal Declaration of Human Rights ,   followed   by the principal international human rights instruments , including the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights , the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women . The International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families is a fundamental element of the protection of the human rights of migrants , since it applies to all aspects of the life of migrants and their families and includes a wide range of rights to which even those in an irregular situation are entitled .
 Member States are required to present periodic reports on the implementation of the measures provided for in resolution 1390 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . The present document is structured in accordance with the guidelines provided on 7 March 2002 by the Committee charged with   following   up the matter . According to Security Council resolution 1390 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , the Council :
 In the past , the Working Group reported on positive examples of cooperation with Governments , such as those of Brazil and Mexico , leading to clarification of a substantial number of cases . The Working Group wishes to invite other Governments , in particular of countries with a high number of outstanding cases , to   follow   these examples . The clarification of cases on the ground that disappeared persons are released or found alive would , of course , be more satisfactory .
 That procedure envisaged the formation of a new tacit agreement among all the contracting parties to accept the late reservation -LRB- amounting to a revision of the treaty -RRB- without compromising the integrity of the principle pacta sunt servanda . However , since the late formulation of reservations was a complicating factor in treaty relations , the practice should remain limited to cases in which the late formulation represented a reasonable alternative to the practice of denunciation of the treaty ,   followed   by a new ratification accompanied by the reservation . Moreover , the absence of an objection to such or other late reservations in the designated period should not be interpreted as a tacit consent .
 Continuing international efforts were required to make the market reforms of countries with economies in transition irreversible , with due regard for their social repercussions and to their need to become fully integrated into the world economy . Mr. Mizukami -LRB- Japan -RRB- said that one of the most pressing challenges facing the United Nations and its Member States was to make progress towards the attainment of the Millennium Summit commitments , in particular the millennium development goals , by giving special attention to   following   up the Monterrey Consensus . That Consensus had specifically referred to the high-level dialogue as the intergovernmental focal point for its general follow-up , along with the spring meeting between the Economic and Social Council and the Bretton Woods institutions .
 In accordance with paragraph 3 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1894 -LRB- LVII -RRB- of 1 August 1974 , the Sub-Commission had before it document E/CN.4/Sub.2/2002/L.l containing the draft provisional agenda for the fifty-fifth session of the Sub-Commission . The draft provisional agenda reads as   follows   : Organization of work
 The Panel found in the Fourth E1 Report that the no-invasion value of the crude oil in settling tank DTK-201 was USD 2 , 244 , 418 and awarded compensation including that amount . However , pending its review of the claim for this settling tank in the present instalment , the Panel   followed   AOC 's methodology and deducted an amount equal to the full amount of the original claim from its recommended award of compensation in its Fourth E1 Report . Based on its review of the evidence provided by AOC in this claim , the Panel now considers this deduction inappropriate , and therefore recommends an award of compensation in the amount of USD 3 , 086 , 763 to restore the amount deducted .
 In many cases , findings and recommendations remain a part of the report and never find their way into the culture , decisions and actions of the activities , programmes and projects concerned . Evaluations should not only meet an institutional or programmatic requirement , but should lead to lessons learned , to best practices that are actually   followed   , to a dependable assessment of impact - in short , to greater effectiveness . The capacity to provide evaluation services is a natural extension of the research and training , information exchange and networking functions .
 Let 's educate girls commission This commission was set up in 1991   following   the holding of a national meeting on the theme Educating girls will help us develop Guatemala , organized by the Ministry of Education , the USAID/UNDP mission and the National Office for Women 's Affairs . The commission was made up of public and private sector institutions and its basic aim was to help promote the formal education of Guatemalan girls by increasing their primary school retention and advancement rates .
 However , the fund balances of 95 of the 130 trust funds had been either refunded or transferred to other trust funds during the biennium , leaving 35 inactive trust funds in the UNDP records as at 31 December 2001 . UNDP is commended for its efforts to   follow   up and finalize these trust funds . The fund balance as at 31 December 2001 amounted to $ 417 million .
 He noted with satisfaction that New Zealand and the representatives of Tokelau had adopted the working method recommended by the Committee , with encouraging results . The existence of a working method accepted by all should encourage all the administering Powers to   follow   the example of New Zealand . The existence of genuine political will was essential if progress was to be made with regard to decolonization .
 However , the employment/population ratio of persons aged from 15 - 64 years increased , among both women and men . With women , the employment/population is highest in the age group from 35-39 years -LRB- 89.9 % in 2002/2 -RRB- ,   followed   by the age group from 30-34 -LRB- 86.9 % -RRB- and from 40-44 -LRB- 86 % -RRB- . Table 11 : Activity rate by sex , Slovenia , 1998/2-2002/22/2
 The cancer incidence is rising from year to year . With women , breast cancer is the most common ,   followed   by skin cancer , cancer of the large intestine and rectum , cancer of the body of the uterus , cancer of the neck of the uterus and lung cancer . Table 21 : Most frequent diseases -LRB- diagnoses -RRB- according to MKB-10 codes and sex in 2000
 Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations . At its substantive session of 2001 , the Council requested its President to continue to maintain close contact with the Chairman of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples , and to report thereon to the Council ; and requested the Secretary-General to   follow   the implementation of the resolution and to report thereon to the Council at its substantive session of 2002 -LRB- Council resolution 2001/28 -RRB- . At its fifty-sixth session , the General Assembly requested the Council to continue to consider , in consultation with the Special Committee , appropriate measures for coordination of the policies and activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in implementing the relevant resolutions of the Assembly -LRB- Assembly resolution 56/67 -RRB- .
 UNCTAD had acquired a great amount of expertise in the area of energy services , and this expertise should be the basis for further work in the area . Venezuela expressed appreciation for the initiative taken by the UNCTAD secretariat to establish a joint work programme with OPEC - as suggested by the experts during the expert meeting - and to   follow   up on the offer made by ESCWA to organize a meeting in Beirut to address in more detail some of the issues discussed at the expert meeting . Informal meetings
 Representatives of the following States members of UNCTAD attended the session : The   following   intergovernmental organizations were represented at the session : European Community
 The meeting was called to order at 3.20 p.m . The PRESIDENT said that the Bureau had decided to recommend that the Board should   follow   its previous practice and hold informal in-session consultations to facilitate the drafting of consensus decisions . The Bureau had also recommended that Mr. Yukio Takasu -LRB- Japan -RRB- , in his capacity as Vice-President , should chair the consultation meetings .
 Group of 77 -LRB- on Fifth Committee matters -LRB- on agenda item 112 -RRB- There will be meetings of the Group of 77 -LRB- on Fifth Committee matters -LRB- on agenda item 112 -RRB- -LRB- Programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 -RRB- -RRB- from 1 to 2.30 p.m. in Conference Room 5 , as   follows   : Wednesday , 4 and Friday , 6 December 2002 . Arab Group of the Whole -LRB- at the ambassadorial level -RRB-
 It was his understanding that so far no decision had been taken to amend the three lines of the draft article . According to that text , the States adopting the Model Law would have to establish the conditions and procedures to be   followed   in implementing the international agreement between the parties . It was very difficult , without knowing what laws the individual States would enact , to take a decision as to whether the article should be classified under the binding or non-binding rules of the Model Law .
 The Chairman suggested that a solution might be reached by analysing the elements of draft article 15 separately to determine whether they might be subject to variation by agreement or not . To say that the settlement agreement was binding was merely to   follow   the law of contracts and could hardly be altered . To say that it was enforceable might lead to a consideration of legal procedures , although in Mexican law ejecutorio meant little more than vinculante ; ejecutivo would have stronger implications .
 A third of the sub-Saharan population remains undernourished. A quarter of South Asia remains in a similar condition . Consequently , the great majority of the countries with low levels of human capital are from sub-Saharan Africa ,   followed   by South Asia . New challenges and threats
 Male candidates totaled 296 , 902 , with 53.257 winners . The Northeastern region has the highest number of Councilwomen - 36.7 percent ,   followed   by the South , with 27.9 percent . Southern states elected 17.8 percent of the candidates and the Northern and Central-Western regions elected 8.9 percent and 8.7 percent , respectively .
 This trend began in the 1980s and gained impetus in the 1990s . In 1998 , the highest activity rate , above 66 percent , was found among women in age group 30 to 39 years ,   followed   by age group 25 to 29 years -LRB- 64 percent -RRB- . However , women between 40 and 49 years of age have also displayed a significant activity rate - 63 percent , thereby showing that the labor market has become more favorable to accepting older women .
 With regard to segregation , which has been reported in studies on female labor since the 1970s -LRB- see , for example , Bruschini , 1979 -RRB- , it is possible to affirm that the so-called Women 's ghettos - occupations with a high percentage of women - remained practically unchanged in the 1988-1998 period , according to information from the Ministry of Labor . The   following   are prominently female occupations - with percentages that vary between 94 percent and 70 percent : seamstress ; pre-school and primary education teacher ; telephone/telegraph operator ; registered nurse and nursing personnel in general ; receptionist ; laundress/dry cleaner ; and secondary education teacher . In a way , all of these occupations duplicate activities performed by women in their reproductive role , such as caring , washing , ironing , cooking , and teaching .
 The main argument used in these cases is the possibility of regret , since the method is irreversible . In one of the hospitals surveyed , it was said that the law is not deliberately   followed   , for the risk of regret . Voluntary sterilization , which is provided for in Law 9 , 263 of 12 January 1996 on the right to family planning , applies only to men and women over 25 years of age or with at least two living children , provided that a 60-day period is observed , from the expression of the will to be sterilized and the surgery itself .
 In 1998 , women 's hospitalization accounted for 63 percent of the overall number of hospitalizations in the Single Health System . The main cause for this was childbirth care ,   followed   by diseases associated with the respiratory , circulatory and digestive systems . Infectious and parasitic diseases are the fourth cause of hospitalization , followed by diseases of the genitourinary system .
 Netting and set-off and G. Financial contracts The Working Group based its consideration of those topics on the   following   text which had been revised by the Secretariat . F. Netting and set-off -LSB- A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.58 , paras. 116-123 -RSB-
 Recommendation in paragraph 100 . The Board recommends that the reasons for the non-submission of country office action plans should be actively   followed   up and investigated , and UNDP agreed . UNDP response .
 Recommendation in paragraph 144 . The Board recommends that the United Nations Volunteers -LRB- UNV -RRB-   follow   up on all inactive sub-trust funds and fully funded arrangements with a view to finalizing all outstanding activities and to comply with the specific closure requirements included in the donor agreements . UNDP response
 Donor approval was received for 13 per cent of the total value , amounting to $ 18 900 to transfer to other arrangements . UNV has to   follow   up with two other donors for the remaining $ 6 302 to retain the funds for other arrangements or to refund the balance . UNV management will be responsible and is taking the appropriate action to resolve the above issues .
 The Treasury Operations section will be strengthened to permit it to take on these responsibilities . The Treasurer , Office of Finance and Administration , Bureau of Management , is responsible to   follow   up on this action . Procurement
 The Canadian Race Relations Foundation reports that follow-up initiatives are planned across the country that will focus on holding the Government to its promise of using the Conference process to create a domestic plan of action to strengthen the struggle against racism and hate in Canada . Soroptimist International , with members in 121 countries , has asked its national sections to research the status of their countries with respect to the implementation of United Nations instruments dealing with racial equality and discrimination , and thereafter to review progress annually and   follow   this up with advocacy and action . OHCHR has been informed by the South African NGO Coalition -LRB- SANGOCO -RRB- that now that its mandate for the NGO Forum has ended , it will focus on combating racism at home and on the African continent .
 Level 3 guidance and financial statements are designed for small enterprises that are owner-managed and have few employees . Such enterprises should   follow   a simple accruals-based accounting system that is closely linked to cash transactions , and with a derogation for businesses to use cash accounting for a limited time when establishing their accounting systems . This guidance is consistent with the guidance for Level 2 -LRB- as set out in TD/B/COM.2/ISAR/16 and Addenda 1-3 -RRB- .
 An enterprise should disclose the movement of owner 's equity during the financial year . The income statement should   follow   the structure and use the headings shown in Annex 1 . An item of property , plant or equipment should initially be measured at its cost .
 Israel is the country that planted them , as was recognized by the Secretary-General of the United Nations . We listened to the representative of Israel , who   follows   the example of a man who kills and then attends his victim 's funeral . We regret that the representative of Israel is dealing with political issues that are not directly related to this draft resolution .
 Finally , the Chairperson-Rapporteur encouraged the Working Group to work towards convergence and solidarity rather than to become blocked by confrontation . The independent expert   followed   the Chairperson-Rapporteur with a description of his current work on the right to development . He highlighted that in his work , he had always been guided by a simple objective , namely to consider the right to development in a manner that is realizable and able to be implemented immediately .
 Contingent-owned equipment : major equipment and self-sustainment Provision for major equipment and self-sustainment included in the total resource requirements for the period from 1 July 2003 to 30 June 2004 is as   follows   : Human resources
 -LRB- f -RRB- The world solidarity fund would be used at the local level to finance actions aimed at improving the living standards of impoverished communities through , for example , improvements in access to drinking water , education and health services ; access to the national electrical grid ; improvements in housing and shelter conditions , rural roads and tracks ; and support for income-generating activities , such as microfinance and microenterprise in the areas of agricultural by-products , crafts and trades , with special attention to increasing gender equity and greater access for women . -LRB- g -RRB- The world solidarity fund projects at the country level would be evaluated annually and on completion of the project objectives ,   following   United Nations Capital Development Fund procedures . The performance of the world solidarity fund , and its effect on poverty , would be evaluated every five years after its establishment , with the final evaluation occurring no later than 2015 .
 -LRB- h -RRB- Fulfil commitments to support the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria ; -LRB- i -RRB- More fully utilize the workplace as a basis for tackling public health problems , such as HIV/AIDS and other communicable diseases , by   following   the International Labour Organization code of practice on HIV/AIDS and the world of work ; 35 -LRB- j -RRB- Promote health by ensuring access for all to sufficient , safe , culturally acceptable and nutritionally adequate food , and implementing the commitments made at the World Food Summit and the Millennium Summit of the United Nations General Assembly , while applying international food and animal husbandry safety standards and guidelines ;
 In response to the request of the CPC , a few selected examples of inter-agency collaboration and partnerships in advancing the goals of the Millennium Summit are presented below . It should be emphasized that these by no means present the totality of the system 's efforts in   following   up on the United Nations Millennium Declaration but serve simply to illustrate the wide-ranging cooperation taking place in the system to implement the millennium development goals. In the areas of : -LRB- a -RRB- Development and poverty eradication :
 The centres should be funded regularly and staffed appropriately . The possibility of setting up regional information hubs could be considered in regions where the cost of doing so was high and where the communications infrastructures already existed , on condition that guidelines approved by the Committee on Information and the General Assembly were   followed   and the countries concerned were involved . In regions where the infrastructures were not in place , the goal of having information reach the people would be compromised .
 of a draft optional protocol to the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights , and to establish , at its fifty-ninth session , an open-ended working group of the Commission with a view to considering options regarding the elaboration of an optional protocol to the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights . In its resolution 2001/6 , the Sub-Commission decided to continue to   follow   progress towards the further elaboration and the adoption of a draft optional protocol to the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights at its fifty-fourth session . Implementation of existing human rights norms and standards in the context of the fight against extreme poverty
 The Sub-Commission at its fortieth session , in resolution 1988/34 , requested Ms. Halima Embarek Warzazi to study recent developments with regard to traditional practices affecting the health of women and children . In its resolution 1996/19 , the Sub-Commission decided to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a further two years in order to   follow   up and monitor such developments . The Commission on Human Rights endorsed this decision in its decision 1997/108 .
 The Rio Group supported the initiatives to enhance the efficiency of the Special Committee 's working methods . In that regard , it had suggested that it was important for proposals to be submitted in the form of an action-oriented text ; for priorities to be set for the consideration of agenda items ; and for sponsor delegations to   follow   up on their proposals on a regular basis and to have a clear idea of the aims pursued . However , it believed that an effort should be made to arrive at consensus on some of the measures proposed for improving the Special Committee 's work and focusing its efforts on topics that could make a real contribution to the revitalization of the Organization .
 Under its migration stabilization programme , for example , it had accorded naturalization , visitor or immigrant status to around 24 , 500 Guatemalans .  Following   an agreement reached with UNHCR , the Mexican Refugee Aid Commission had been responsible , since March 2002 , for defining the status of refugees . In the light of its experiences thus far , the Government would in the future focus on the following areas : coordinating interventions with humanitarian aid agencies ; strengthening administrative bodies responsible for refugees ; and managing public policies relating to refugees .
 She would also like to emphasize the role played by the Ombudsman 's Office in promoting and protecting human rights and the fact that in so doing it has maintained continuous cooperation with OHCHR . The Ombudsman 's Office has   followed   closely the main problems affecting the Colombian people , thus demonstrating a genuine commitment to its mandate . The High Commissioner also wishes to highlight the cooperation that the Office has received from the Office of the Procurator-General , which has shown its interest in benefiting from the Office 's mandate to strengthen its role in monitoring public servants , defending human rights and preventing human rights violations .
 The Resolution `` welcomes the process of the Global Consultations and acknowledges their importance as a forum for open discussion on complex legal and operational protection issues , '' and requests the High Commissioner to include the results of the Consultations in the report on his activities to the General Assembly at its next session . I am pleased to report that the General Assembly , under my presidency , will give close consideration to the findings and recommendations of the process , of which this meeting is an integral part , and will continue to   follow   up on the results . Ladies and Gentlemen ,
 However , this question could usefully be revisited in the future . When operation-oriented programmes were assessed as having reached a certain stage of maturity , a gradual shift of ownership to stakeholders could be an option ,   following   the model of the Trade Point programme . The steps taken to promote the self-sustainability of the major technical cooperation programmes were beginning to yield results in some areas , and the secretariat was encouraged to pursue them .
 The Board was informed that no liabilities existed in respect of the contract at 30 June 2001 . The contract was initiated   following   a memorandum of 11 May 2000 in which the Field Administration and Logistics Division requested the Procurement Division to issue a request for proposals for an initial one-year period , with an option for four one-year extensions for the provision of airfield services in MONUC . The Procurement Division issued a formal request for proposals on 19 May 2000 to a total of 23 companies internationally .
 The Working Group agreed that , while other provisions of article 7 might be subject to contrary agreement between the parties , paragraph -LRB- 3 -RRB- should be regarded as setting a minimum standard . Thus , parties are not allowed to agree on a different standard of conduct to be   followed   by conciliators . To this end , an exception to the general application of Article 3 has been made with respect to paragraph 3 of Article 7 .
 At its 38th meeting , on 1 July 2002 , the Preparatory Commission took note of the oral report of Silvia Fernndez de Gurmendi -LRB- Argentina -RRB- , Chair of the Bureau 's subcommittee acting as an interlocutory with the host country , on the progress made by the advance team of experts working to ensure the early and effective establishment of the Court . At its 40th meeting , on 3 July 2002 , the Preparatory Commission agreed that the   following   statement should be transmitted by the Chairman of the Preparatory Commission to the President of the Security Council , the Member States of the Council and the Secretary-General.1 The statement read as follows : 1. The Preparatory Commission for the International Criminal Court , mindful of the Charter of the United Nations and in particular its provisions relating to the powers and functions of the Security Council , is deeply concerned about the current developments in the Security Council regarding the International Criminal Court and international peacekeeping .
 According to my Representative , this meeting could take place any time . In addition , the authorities appealed to the men who   followed   former General Boziz to return to their barracks without fear and in all safety . On the national holiday , 1 December , President Patass made a solemn appeal for the return of civilian refugees from Zongo -LRB- Democratic Republic of the Congo -RRB- .
 Its membership expanded with the registration of the participants of the April 2002 seminar . The OIF continued to sponsor an expert in the web site section specializing in informatics and new information technologies , financing his post for a second year ,   following   a specific agreement with the United Nations . This expert , who began working in May 2000 and concluded the arrangement in May 2002 , contributed to the development of the United Nations web site in French and to the creation of tools required for maintaining the site 's databases , search engine and statistics .
 Trends in expenditures by geographical region and channel Of the five geographical regions , sub-Saharan Africa was the largest recipient of population assistance ,   followed   by Asia and the Pacific . The distribution of population assistance among the regions was as follows : sub-Saharan Africa , 38 per cent ; Asia and the Pacific , 36 per cent ; Latin America and the Caribbean , 16 per cent ; Western Asia and North Africa , 8 per cent ; and Eastern and Southern Europe , 2 per cent .
 The station would provide data on the characteristics and dynamics of natural freshwater , coastal and marine resources and habitats and the ongoing discharges of oily and other wastes into the marine environment through the acquisition of satellite data on a region-wide scale and provide information and/or image analyses and interpretation to member States . Using RADARSAT space technology coupled with the European Remote Sensing -LRB- ERS -RRB- -1 and 2 satellites and NOAA-AVHRR , the station would provide the region with a powerful system that has a wide geographical coverage , longer observation time and the ability to observe and track oil spills for a longer period and to map and   follow   up coastal changes , assess habitats , measure oceanographic parameters , such as chlorophyll , temperature and turbidity , and map terrestrial ecosystems . Training and exchange of experience and expertise in the region is another major objective of the project in establishing the station .
 -LRB- a -RRB- Coordination issues related specifically to peace-building activities should be a regular agenda item to be discussed during the Secretary-General 's cabinet meetings between United Nations departments ; -LRB- b -RRB- The secretariats of other United Nations system organizations should also   follow   the example set by the Secretary-General and establish a lead department for the coordination of policy and strategic decisions among system organizations involved in peace-building . United Nations system level
 They had drawn on recent situation analyses , CCAs and UNDAFs , where they exist , and had considered the five organizational priorities of the 2002-2005 UNICEF MTSP -LRB- E/ICEF/2001/13 and Corr.1 -RRB- . The largest funding allocations would support interventions in the areas of health and nutrition ,   followed   by those in basic education . Several country notes would combine support to national sector-based programmes , with assistance to integrated programmes in some of the geographic areas with the worst child indicators .
 Specifics would be provided at a later date . The President of the WFP Executive Board , who was also chairing this part of the meeting , assured delegations that the WFP Board   followed   developments in the New York Executive Boards very closely , but it had a different schedule of meetings and work plan than the New York Boards. Harmonization and simplification were to take place in connection with the WFP governance project in spring 2002 . The fact that WFP also reported to the Food and Agricultural Organization of the United Nations complicated its work , as the FAO General Conference took place biannually .
 Many insolvency laws adopt the general cessation of payments standard for debtor applications for liquidation . As a matter of practice , an application by a debtor to commence liquidation proceedings will generally be a last resort where it is unable to pay its debts and , in the absence of opposition , satisfaction of those requirements will not be strictly   followed   . That practice is reflected in some laws that allow a debtor to make an application either on the basis that it has ceased to repay its debts as they become due or , in the alternative , on the basis of a simple declaration of its financial condition , such as that it is unable to or does not intend to pay its debts -LRB- which in the case of a legal person may be made by the directors or other members of a governing body -RRB- .
 Proposals and recommendations The   following   proposals and recommendations were made :  Establish a global compact for coherence of commitments by developed and developing countries ;
 Today 's bombing comes just hours after the United States Secretary of State arrived in Israel in an attempt to assist the parties to implement a meaningful ceasefire , an initiative with which Israel has pledged to fully cooperate . In this regard , today 's attack   follows   a familiar pattern whereby an American initiative to bring about a ceasefire is embraced by Israel but met with a surge in terrorist bombings by the Palestinians . American envoy General Anthony Zinni , whose bridging proposals have been accepted by Israel but rejected repeatedly by the Palestinian side , was similarly greeted with a spate of suicide attacks when he first arrived in the region in December .
 In this respect , the country 's industries have also been encouraged to implement technological development plans for aerospace-related technologies and subsystems that can also be applied to space systems . The Aerospace Research Institute -LRB- ARI -RRB- , affiliated to the Ministry of Science , Research and Technology , is another active organization in the field of space science and technology applications that   follows   various space-related studies and activities in the country . The Aerodynamic Group of ARI concentrates presently on aerodynamic design and analysis of launch vehicles .
 Anatolian University also has relations with other campuses and serves as a supplementary campus for the International Space University . In this way , studies of remote sensing and GIS , which must be sustained parallel to developing technology , are   followed   closely in national and international scientific platforms . -LRB- d -RRB- Aegean University
 Simplicity and certainty considerations support the adoption of the same conflict-of-laws rule for both tangible and intangible property , especially if the same law applies to creation , publicity and priority .  Following   this approach , one single enquiry would suffice to ascertain the extent of the security rights encumbering all assets of a debtor . There would also be no need for guidance in the event of a change in the location of encumbered assets or to distinguish between the law applicable to possessory and non-possessory rights -LRB- and to determine which prevails in a case where a possessory security right governed by the law of State A competes with a non-possessory security right over the same property governed by the law of State B -RRB- .
 Corporal punishment The Committee welcomes the abolition of corporal punishment in all schools in England , Wales and Scotland   following   its 1995 recommendations -LRB- ibid. , para. 32 -RRB- , but is concerned that this abolition has not yet been extended to cover all private schools in Northern Ireland . It welcomes the adoption by the National Assembly for Wales of regulations prohibiting corporal punishment in all forms of day care , including childminding , but is very concerned that legislation prohibiting all corporal punishment in this context is not yet in place in England , Scotland or Northern Ireland .
 Work Programme of the Commission for the remainder of the quinquennium Since this is the first year of the quinquennium and   following   its usual practice the Planning Group found it useful to establish a work programme for the ensuing four years setting out in general terms the goals with respect to each topic to be achieved during this period. -LRB- See Annex . -RRB- It is the understanding of the Planning Group that this work programme has a tentative character since the nature and the complexities of the work preclude any certain prediction a long time in advance .
 Members of the Council have before them document S/2002/53 , which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council 's prior consultations . I should like also to draw the attention of the members of the Council to the   following   other documents : S/2001/1301 , which contains the text of a letter dated 28 December 2001 from the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia to the President of the Security Council ; and S/2002/29 , which contains the text of a letter dated 7 January 2002 from Croatia to the President of the Security Council . It is my understanding that the Security Council is ready to proceed to the vote on the draft resolution -LRB- S/2002/53 -RRB- before it .
 That declaration highlights the common goal of providing water security in the twenty-first century and endorses the role of the United Nations system in the area of water management .  Following   the discussions at the second World Water Forum , UNU is working , in particular with UNESCO , to develop a United Nations world water development report . Promoting better use of geothermal energy has been a priority of UNU for over 20 years .
 For the Integrated Framework , UNCTAD could play a greater role , particularly in the initial stage of each country programme . Prioritization of technical cooperation programmes was essential , and should   follow   the emphasis provided in the Bangkok Plan of Action . Concerning the evaluation on capacity building , he agreed with its emphasis on quality over quantity and with its recommendations .
 Some participants expressed the view that the true value of satellites was not so much their intrinsic value as their associated rights and the various services that they provided . Some participants expressed the view that the following needed to be addressed : -LRB- a -RRB- a clear concept of the subject of the protocol , that is , space property or assets , including the exact scope and content of that concept ; -LRB- b -RRB- ensuring that all the principles of existing outer space treaties would be   followed   in the practical application of its provisions ; and -LRB- c -RRB- ensuring a fair balance between the interests of Governments and the private law interests of commercial non-governmental entities . The existing outer space treaties imposed certain rights and obligations on the parties thereto , and it was crucial to ensure that those rights and obligations were not unduly compromised by the operation of the regime established by the protocol .
 It was further stated that , in view of the expertise of ECE in a number of sectors , such as trade and trade facilitation and enterprise development , the revisions should include reference to the assistance that ECE could be in a position to provide to other regional commissions in those areas . The view was expressed that the outcomes of international conferences did not constitute a sufficient basis for changing the mandates or overall orientation of ECE , and regional commissions should   follow   or implement those broad outlines in a way that was relevant to their core functions and served their members ' interests and needs . Also , the ECE secretariat should seek intergovernmental agreement for its proposals at the commission level before presenting them to the Committee for consideration .
 -LRB- b -RRB- Equipment not required by other peacekeeping missions but which may be useful for operations of other United Nations agencies , international organizations or non-governmental organizations and which it is not feasible to keep in reserve will be sold to a relevant agency or organization ; -LRB- c -RRB- Any equipment or property not required or which it is not feasible to dispose of in the above manner or which is in poor condition will be subject to commercial disposal in the area of operations ,   following   standard United Nations regulations and procedures ; -LRB- d -RRB- Any surplus mission assets remaining after disposition under the terms referred to in paragraphs -LRB- a -RRB- to -LRB- c -RRB- above , and/or any assets which have already been installed in the country and which , if dismantled , would in fact set back the rehabilitation process of the country , will be contributed to the duly recognized Government of the country involved .
 The main exporters under the African Growth and Opportunity Act were Nigeria -LRB- accounting for 56 per cent of the total -RRB- , South Africa -LRB- 22 per cent -RRB- , and Gabon -LRB- 12 per cent -RRB- . Among the 10 top exporters , South Africa provided the most varied mix of products , with transportation equipment accounting for 57 per cent ,   followed   by minerals and metals -LRB- 24 per cent -RRB- , agricultural products -LRB- 13 per cent -RRB- , and textiles and apparel -LRB- 6 per cent -RRB- . Africa 's emerging markets experienced a sharp increase in private capital flows
 During the 1990s , however , foreign direct investment from Canada , Italy , the Netherlands , Norway , Portugal and Spain increased from less than 10 per cent of the total to nearly 25 per cent . Furthermore , foreign direct investment from developing Asian economies has also increased , led by the Republic of Korea and   followed   by China , India , Malaysia and Taiwan Province of China . Finally , during the 1990s intra-African foreign direct investment rose , notably by firms from South Africa and Mauritius .
 Many countries secured industrial growth in 2000 , notably Uganda -LRB- 15.2 per cent -RRB- , Lesotho -LRB- 11.8 per cent -RRB- , Angola -LRB- 7.9 per cent -RRB- , Mozambique -LRB- 7.8 per cent -RRB- , Ethiopia -LRB- 7.5 per cent -RRB- , Burkina Faso -LRB- 7 per cent -RRB- , Benin -LRB- 6.8 per cent -RRB- , Algeria -LRB- 5.9 per cent -RRB- , Tunisia , Tanzania and Botswana -LRB- 5.7 per cent each -RRB- and Senegal -LRB- 5.6 per cent -RRB- . The fastest-expanding industrial subsector was electricity , gas , and water -LRB- with a growth rate of 4.9 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by construction -LRB- 3.9 per cent -RRB- and mining -LRB- 3.5 per cent -RRB- . Mining accounted for a substantial share of industrial growth and remains the key to industrial prosperity in many African countries , a potential that has yet to be fully exploited .
 The factual and legal issues in those proceedings concerned the liability of the KAC insurers under a policy issued to KAC in respect of the Aircraft and spares . These issues were determined   following   a decision of the House of Lords -LRB- see paragraphs 72 and 73 below -RRB- . In addition , KAC brought legal proceedings in the English courts against the Republic of Iraq and Iraqi Airways Corporation -LRB- IAC -RRB- for wrongful interference and conversion of the Aircraft and spares .
  -LRB- c -RRB- The requirement to base public procurement decisions on objective and transparent reasons in order to facilitate the subsequent verification of the correct application of the rules ;  -LRB- d -RRB- The availability in each State Party of an effective independent system of appeal to ensure legal recourse and remedies in the event that the rules established pursuant to this paragraph are not   followed   . 1 bis. States Parties shall endeavour to adopt the necessary legislative measures to introduce uniform legislation , rules and manuals for all the procurement agencies in their respective jurisdictions .
 UNIDO would need to show greater flexibility , simplify its procedures and respond more promptly to requests so as to attract more resources to meet development goals . Some good examples to be   followed   included the recent cooperation between UNIDO and the Global Environment Facility -LRB- GEF -RRB- in the area of Persistent Organic Pollutants -LRB- POPs -RRB- . Experience gained in relation to GEF-financed activities at national level would be found useful at regional and subregional levels .
 Without doubt , that accumulated experience is fundamental in order for the Court to rule on cases involving maritime borders in the Caribbean Sea . Mexico will very carefully   follow   those developments by virtue of which it has been providing the necessary resources to facilitate access to technical assistance with a view to entering bilateral negotiations on delimiting maritime borders or requesting a legal ruling . In that regard , Mexico notes with approval the remarks by the President of the Court on the operations of the Secretary-General 's Trust Fund and fully agrees with the observations of the President of the Court with respect to the means to be implemented to ensure greater accessibility for the States so desiring .
 The Joint Border Committee was revived in order to attend to the question of the land border , on which I have already given the details , but it was decided that issues relating to marine affairs would be relegated to another subcommittee of the Joint Commission because marine affairs involve many issues which should be attended to holistically , such as environment and pollution , fisheries , the economic zone , piracy and shipping issues . On the issue of benchmarking , the question was raised of whether we would be able to   follow   the excellent example of Mr. Michael Steiner , Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Kosovo . Here , I would like to provide the clarification that we are , indeed , developing and assessing the benchmarks for UNMISET 's mandates , and we would be happy to share them .
 The President -LRB- spoke in Spanish -RRB- : I wish to inform the Council that I have received a letter from the representative of Saudi Arabia , in which he requests to be invited to participate in the debate on the item on the Council 's agenda .  Following   the usual practice , I propose , with the consent of the Council , that the representative be invited to participate in the debate , without the right to vote , in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Charter and rule 37 of the Council 's provisional rules of procedure . There being no objection , it is so decided .
 It was also hoped that the Secretary-General would submit a full report as soon as possible , which would establish the legal and political bases for the General Assembly to take further steps regarding the atrocities and war crimes committed by Israel . That issue had to be   followed   up , as did the situation on the ground , and the full implementation of Security Council resolutions 1402 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and 1403 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- had to be ensured . In connection with the ministerial meeting of the Committee on Palestine of the Non-Aligned Movement and the ministerial meeting of the Coordinating Bureau of the Non-Aligned Movement held in Durban from 27 to 30 April , the Declaration on Palestine had been adopted , in which , in particular , six concrete , practical measures to be implemented and followed up on by the United Nations had been set out .
 -LRB- n -RRB- The Secretariat , in conjunction with all concerned United Nations entities , undertake a coordinated information and communication technology effort with respect to such components as technology management , security , continuity and disaster plans -LRB- para. 177 -RRB- ; and conduct a comprehensive review of IMIS users ' expectations with a view to improving the overall cost-effectiveness of the expenditure in information and communication technology -LRB- para. 178 -RRB- ; -LRB- o -RRB- The Office of Internal Oversight Services strengthen its information technology and information systems audit capability through further staffing and training ,   following   the approach recommended by the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions -LRB- para. 183 -RRB- ; -LRB- p -RRB- The United Nations Office at Geneva clarify its responsibilities vis--vis other United Nations entities by formally listing them and , accordingly , pursue its plan of drafting memorandums of understanding with each concerned organization in order to clarify the content and reimbursement of services and to better monitor them -LRB- para. 203 -RRB- ;
 The action plans should be periodically translated into objectives guided by clear and concrete short-term goals . The General Assembly and the IMIS Steering Committee have closely   followed   up on the strategic development of the system and the major implementation milestones . Project plans have been drafted for major functional areas in duty stations .
 The economy of Guam is also influenced by global economic trends , and in particular by the economies of the United States and Japan . Given the importance of tourism to the Territory 's economy , and the importance within the tourism sector of the Japanese market , the Guam economy tends to   follow   Japan 's business cycle rather than that of the United States ; Japan provided 53.9 per cent of the imports in 1999 and more than 81 per cent of Guam 's visitors in 2000 were Japanese . Guam is a duty-free port that facilitates the movement of raw materials for manufacturing .
 Consequently , there is no appropriate treatment immediately available to these women and girls . MONUC is   following   up on this report with a view to increasing the protection of women and girls against rape and other violations of human rights . Widespread and grave violations of human rights and international humanitarian law continue to be perpetrated by the armed opposition following several armed conflicts between RCD-Goma/RPA on the one hand , and the Mayi-Mayi and uncontrolled , foreign armed groups on the other , especially in South Kivu and Maniema Provinces .
 The information submitted by the Party shall be reviewed expeditiously in accordance with these guidelines . The secretariat shall organize the review in the most expeditious way possible   following   the procedures established in these guidelines and taking into account the planned review activities in the regular review cycle . The secretariat shall convene an expert review team for conducting the expedited review procedures established in these guidelines in accordance with the relevant provisions of section E of Part I of these guidelines and shall forward the information referred to in paragraph 3 above to this expert review team .
 Introduction Since the last report of the Secretary-General on this topic -LRB- A/56/335 -RRB- , the main African refugee groups continue to originate from Burundi -LRB- 553 , 900 -RRB- , the Sudan -LRB- 489 , 560 -RRB- , Angola -LRB- 470 , 500 -RRB- , Somalia -LRB- 440 , 200 -RRB- , the Democratic Republic of the Congo -LRB- 391 , 650 -RRB- and Eritrea -LRB- 333 , 100 -RRB- ,   followed   by Liberia -LRB- 244 , 500 -RRB- and Sierra Leone -LRB- 178 , 900 -RRB- as of the end of 2001 . Mass repatriation operations carried out during this reporting period , however , reduced the total figure of the refugee population in Africa .
 Of those voted into the provincial assemblies , 54 then became members of New Caledonia 's Congress . Thus , RPCR obtained a relative majority of 24 seats in Congress ,   followed   by FLNKS , which obtained 18 seats . In July 2000 , the elections were repeated in the Loyalty Islands after the French State Council ruled that there had been irregularities in the handling of proxy votes .
 India and Turkey : amendments to the draft resolution recommended by the Subcommission on Illicit Drug Traffic and Related Matters in the Near and Middle East at its thirty-sixth session -LRB- E/CN.7/2002/4 and Corr.1 , para . The Commission on Narcotic Drugs recommends to the Economic and Social Council the adoption of the   following   draft resolution : Demand for and supply of opiates for medical and scientific needs
 To ensure an effective review , such assessment should be based on actual experiences and specific problems with detailed information , as opposed to anecdotal accounts or hypothetical scenarios . In the meantime , if a mission could reasonably demonstrate to the host country that , notwithstanding the outcome of the City 's review and appeal process , the outstanding tickets for parking violation were issued unjustly or in error , the host country should , as   follows   from applicable international law and as set out in paragraph 48 of the Parking Programme , ensure that the Mission or its diplomat is not deprived of any facilities under the Parking Programme . Therefore , the question whether the Parking Programme is in conformity with international law will ultimately depend on the host State 's acceptance of the assumptions and interpretations I have made in paragraphs 13 , 29 and 30 of this opinion , and ultimately on the manner in which it is applied in particular cases .
 It would be necessary only to establish the admissibility of the action by demonstrating , through the provision of evidence , the grounds -LRB- assets and criminal activities -RRB- , the title to the assets or financial income and the relation of the owner to such grounds . With regard to the termination of ownership rights , when acquisition of assets is one of the consequences of the crime , this requires a judicial decision and should , therefore ,   follow   the relevant procedure set out in article 15 of Act No. 333 of 1996 . Article 2 of that Act provides that a judicial decision can declare the termination of ownership of illicitly acquired assets , provided that such assets are derived from activities that cause a serious decline in social morality .
 To ensure efficient regional governance and communication , the establishment of ESD focal points in all UNECE member States and in relevant international organizations is required . A steering committee consisting of representatives of the education and environment -LRB- or other relevant -RRB- sectors might be established to   follow   up the implementation of the Strategy . The Environment for Europe process might be used as a partnership platform for regional cooperation on ESD and the UNECE Committee on Environmental Policy as a body to review progress in the Strategy 's implementation in accordance with the Committee 's work programme .
 However , the question whether it was in fact cheaper remained to be answered . Mr. Alfonso Martnez gave examples of three Latin American countries , Chile , Costa Rica and Mexico , which were   following   this particular trend and either had privatized or were considering privatizing prisons . Ms. Rokotoarisoa noted that prison problems included overcrowding , malnutrition and poor conditions of detention .
 It was considered that the development of strategic partnerships was the best way to meet this challenge .  Following   this line of thinking , the first step to be undertaken was the definition of the Federation 's strategic goals and ways of achieving them through cooperation with competent interested partners . To that end , the secretariat assisted the Federation in mobilizing the necessary funds for the development of its strategic business plan .
 World Intellectual Property Organization The   following   intergovernmental organizations and other entities were represented : The International Olympic Committee
 I would like to suggest that we seek a mechanism so that the Security Council can be represented at that ceremony through its President , which at that time will be Singapore , or through the presence of one of its highest-ranking members .  Following   the recommendations of the Secretary-General in the report before us , the Council members have decided to wait for his next report in order to take a decision with respect to the successor mission . However , I would like to offer a few comments based on our view on this matter .
 Requests contained in the draft resolution Operative paragraphs 12 , 13 and 14 of draft resolution A/C.3/56/L.84/Rev.1 , as orally revised , entitled Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the World Conference against Racism , Racial Discrimination , Xenophobia and Related Intolerance , read as   follows   : The General Assembly ,
 Modification of the approved programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 In order to reflect the provisions of the draft resolution , the narrative of programme element 14.19 -LRB- a -RRB- , Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies , of section 14 of the approved programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 would be modified by the addition of the   following   : High-level political conference for the purpose of signing the United Nations convention against corruption :
 Further to the creation of WTO , and within the framework of the review of its relationships with the United Nations , the General Council of WTO in 1995 requested the WTO secretariat to negotiate with the United Nations Secretariat revised budgetary arrangements with regard to ITC . The General Council of WTO determined that the control function on ITC budgetary procedures exercised by GATT at one time in the past , should be restored and assumed by WTO along the   following   lines : The ITC budget will be subject to the same preparation and reporting procedures as the GATT/WTO budget itself .
 The Palestinian leadership has committed itself to completely and unconditionally renounce the use of violence and terrorism ; it has accepted the Mitchell Report which calls , first and foremost , for a complete cessation of violence ; earlier this month , Chairman Arafat , once again , condemned terrorist attacks and reiterated his commitment to put an end to such activities in an article published in The New York Times . And yet , terrorism continues to escalate as the Palestinian leadership fails to   follow   up its words with the requisite action . In such a situation , it is impossible to regard Palestinian declarations as anything other than platitudes uttered for the benefit of international audiences .
  -LRB- b -RRB- Protect children from the impact of armed conflict and ensure compliance with international humanitarian law and human rights law. -LRB- j -RRB- Paragraph 41 -LRB- viii -RRB- was replaced by the   following   paragraph :  -LRB- viii -RRB- Protect children from torture and other cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment .
 Life expectancy in all departments is higher for women . The highest level is recorded in the department of Guatemala ,   followed   by Izabal , and the lowest rates can be found in Totonicapn and Solol . According to Ministry of Public Health and Social Welfare records 2 , 994 , 166 persons in rural areas have access to trained personnel for the treatment of common illnesses and injuries , with a regular supply of 20 essential medicines , at a distance of one hour 's walking or travel time .
 The large number of nominations for the programme received every year by the Department for Disarmament Affairs are a testimony of the undiminished interest of Governments in the programme . The Member States have on several occasions acknowledged the successful implementation of the programme and its role in enhancing the capabilities of public officials to   follow   ongoing deliberations and negotiations on disarmament , at both the bilateral and multilateral levels . Also , the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services , in its evaluation of the whole disarmament programme , identified the fellowship programme on disarmament as the most successful United Nations training programme it had reviewed -LRB- see E/AC.51/1999/2 , para .
 The African countries , through the New Partnership for Africa 's Development -LRB- NEPAD -RRB- , had developed a home-grown initiative centred on multi-sectoral programmes to deal with the continent 's key challenges . The Second Committee should   follow   that example and focus on follow-up and implementation of commitments made . He supported , for example , the proposal to establish an integrated and coordinated follow-up mechanism to review and monitor implementation of the results of United Nations conferences in the economic and social fields as a mechanism for ensuring efficient and effective implementation and review of conference outcomes and called for allocation of adequate resources to that process .
 Capital punishment The Special Rapporteur notes that the safeguards and guarantees for the protection of those facing capital punishment are not being   followed   in a large number of cases brought to her attention. She is also concerned at the lack of transparency and information on capital punishment and executions of death sentences . She , therefore , calls upon all retentionist Governments to impose a moratorium on executions and set up national commissions to report on the situation in the light of international standards and resolutions before executions are resumed .
 Its successful outcome was achieved through the efforts of persons whose wisdom made it possible to strike the delicate balance of interests emanating from that Convention . We hope that this example will be   followed   in other areas of international law which could also benefit from such wisdom . Ms. Taylor Roberts -LRB- Jamaica -RRB- : I have the honour to make this statement on behalf of the 14 member States of the Caribbean Community -LRB- CARICOM -RRB- that are Members of the United Nations , on this , the twentieth anniversary of the opening for signature of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea .
 -LRB- c -RRB- Exchange of scientific and technological experience relating to the protection and security of sea , air , road and railway transport , for the purpose of modernizing security and protection measures at ports , airports , railway stations and bus stops and other buildings and facilities vulnerable to terrorist attacks . Leaving aside agreements on the transfer and extradition of prisoners , Brazil has concluded the   following   bilateral agreements on judicial cooperation and mutual assistance in criminal matters : Agreement guaranteeing reciprocity in the transmission of information from the criminal register between the Government of the Federative Republic of Brazil and the Government of the Federal Republic of Germany .
 The General Assembly has not yet decided whether or not to introduce interest on or indexation of arrears . In order to assist its continuing consideration of this question , the Secretariat is presenting herewith a tentative proposal , outlining a possible approach that might be   followed   if the Assembly decides to proceed . In doing so , the Secretariat has been guided by the observations , conclusions and recommendations of the Committee on Contributions .
 Evaluation of reactions to the draft should lead to a final draft by mid-2005 , which could be presented to the Commission at its thirty-seventh session , in 2006 .  Following   that schedule will allow enough lead time for preparation of the printed publication in 2007 and give countries the opportunity to evaluate their national classifications , data collection and coding schemes , conversion tables etc. before the new international classification goes into effect . There is general agreement that further work on product classifications should lead to a convergence of existing classifications , such as CPC , the Balance of Payments Classification and the Extended Balance of Payments Services Classification .
 It also stressed the importance of such visiting missions as a means of obtaining first-hand knowledge of actual conditions in the Non-Self-Governing Territories . New Zealand should be commended for its excellent collaboration with the United Nations and Tokelau , and other administering Powers should   follow   its example in order to comply with the mandates established in the plan of action for the Second International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism . With regard to the sovereignty dispute over the Malvinas , South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands , Bolivia reiterated the terms of the Declarations on the Malvinas adopted at the 1996 and 1999 meetings of Presidents of the States members of MERCOSUR and of Bolivia and Chile .
 -LRB- b -RRB- Adopt legislation providing for the protection of the rights of children with disabilities , including with regard to the provision of special services and facilities for children in need of such support . The Committee requests that specific information be included in the next periodic report on the measures and programmes relevant to the Convention on the Rights of the Child undertaken by the State party to   follow   up on the Declaration and Programme of Action adopted at the 2001 World Conference against Racism , Racial Discrimination , Xenophobia and Related Intolerance , and taking account of General Comment No. 1 on article 29.1 of the Convention -LRB- aims of education -RRB- . Best interests of the child
 Together with the recent presentation by CNN of some videotapes discovered in Afghanistan showing the alleged al-Qa'idah experiments on dogs , the planning by Moroccans connected to al-Qa'idah to possibly inject cyanide into water pipes running to the United States Embassy in Rome adds credence to these horrific intentions . The Group is continuing to   follow   lines of inquiry with respect to weapons of mass destruction . Analysis of 90-day reports submitted by States pursuant to resolution 1390 -LRB- 2002 -RRB-
 Consequently all members of the United Nations need to redouble their efforts , both as individual States and collectively , in a concerted and sustained manner in order to bring to bear every legal means possible to fight this scourge to international peace and security . The   following   are the steps the Group believes , if taken , will reinforce the implementation of resolution 1390 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and contribute significantly to the fight against al-Qa'idah . Recommendations
 I also agree with Ambassador Fall 's comments about the need to ensure broad geographical distribution in the provision of expertise . I would like to underline the importance of appointing an independent expert specifically to   follow   up technical assistance , so that it can be deployed for the benefit of the countries that need it . It seems to us that the time has now come to strengthen that aspect of the work of the Committee .
 The age at which persons could legally contract marriage was still 18 years , the age of majority for the full exercise of civil and political rights . However , in exceptional circumstances , and only   following   a judicial process , a judge could grant permission to marry at the age of 16 . The alarmingly high urban population had been the result of the rural exodus , itself caused by poverty and , more recently , by political violence .
 The harmonized programming process5 provides a further opportunity to move the Secretary-General 's reform agenda forward by promoting joint or closely coordinated planning and formulation exercises of new country programmes , in the context of current efforts of mobilizing additional resources and strengthening national ownership of the programming process.6 The WFP Executive Board is expected to adopt a similar decision in 2002 . The UNICEF Executive Board , at its January 2002 session ,   followed   UNDP and UNFPA decisions in modifying accordingly its process for the preparation , consideration and approval of country programmes , and reducing the length of time and workload for national authorities and UNICEF officers who are associated with the design of new cooperation programmes , while at the same time preserving and promoting a sound programming process . Those changes also aim to eliminate overlaps and reduce duplication in the preparation of documents .
 When I had the honour to address the Assembly at the last general debate , in November 2001 , I pledged my Government 's full support for the Franco-German initiative against the reproductive cloning of human beings . As a sponsor of resolution 56/93 , which established the relevant Ad Hoc Committee , we have carefully   followed   the deliberations within the Committee on the philosophical , medical , legal and ethical considerations associated with this pressing issue . This was a necessary debate which brought to the fore the consensus that exists on the need to respond to the challenges posed by scientists who are unable or unwilling to recognize the deep moral implications of their actions , as well as the dangers that they may pose to mankind .
 Mozambique has shown the world how much can be achieved when national will and international assistance converge , and when people trust in , and work together for , peace . Helped by the United Nations , Ethiopia , Eritrea and Sierra Leone are   following   a similar path . Progress towards peace has been made in Angola and the beginnings of such progress are evident in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
 It therefore represented a new trend in the international law of arms control and disarmament and Japan considered it a significant achievement by the international community . In that context it welcomed the accession since the Second Annual Conference of six new States - namely , Bolivia , Guatemala , Mali , Nauru , the Republic of Korea and the Republic of Moldova - to Amended Protocol II and urged other States to   follow   their example . His delegation also stressed the importance of full compliance with the provisions of the Protocol by all States parties .
 This is what is called content of the international responsibility in the articles on State responsibility . If the new draft articles   follow   a pattern similar to the one taken in Part Two of the articles on State responsibility , it would not be necessary to specify whether the rights corresponding to the responsible organization 's obligations pertain to a State , another organization or a person or entity other than a State or organization . As the new topic relates to the responsibility of international organizations , it does not include issues relating to claims that international organizations may put forward against States .
 The session was attended by representatives of the following States members of the Working Group : Argentina , Austria , Brazil , Cameroon , Canada , China , Colombia , France , Germany , India , Iran -LRB- Islamic Republic of -RRB- , Italy , Japan , Kenya , Lithuania , Mexico , Romania , Russian Federation , Rwanda , Singapore , Spain , Sudan , Sweden , Thailand , United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and United States of America . The session was attended by observers from the   following   States : Algeria , Australia , Bulgaria , Indonesia , Ireland , Jordan , Lebanon , Nigeria , Philippines , Poland , Republic of Korea , Slovakia , Switzerland , Syrian Arab Republic , Turkey , Ukraine and Venezuela . The Working Group elected the following officers :
 In respect of draft article 5.4 , strong support was expressed for imposing upon the carrier an obligation of due diligence that was continuous throughout the voyage by retaining the words that were currently in square brackets and during and and keep . Among views that were expressed in favour of imposing such an obligation , it was pointed out that , with improved communication and tracking systems allowing a carrier to closely   follow   the voyage of a vessel , a continuing obligation of due diligence was appropriately adapted to modern business practices . However , it was suggested that the degree of diligence would or should depend on the context , to the effect that , for example , the duty of the carrier would be different depending on whether the vessel was at sea or in port .
 The Working Group took note of the information on the physical and psychological consequences of prostitution , which indicated that the consequences of prostitution were so harmful as to make it extremely difficult for those who had experienced it to return to a normal life . A speaker expressed deep regret at the fact that Germany had   followed   the Netherlands example in legalizing prostitution . The Working Group also had before it information concerning sexual exploitation of young girls in the framework of religious and spiritual beliefs , in particular the Devadasi system , which consisted of offering up a young virgin to the Master/Idol who would abuse her sexually and economically and then reject her .
 He welcomed the adoption of the draft resolution on prevention and peaceful settlement of disputes , sponsored by Sierra Leone and the United Kingdom , and agreed with the emphasis on existing means of peaceful dispute settlement , the need to employ them at an early stage and the principle of free choice as to the means of peaceful settlement adopted . He urged States to   follow   Nigeria 's example in accepting the compulsory jurisdiction of the International Court of Justice as suggested in paragraph 9 of the draft resolution . Fact-finding and goodwill missions , special envoys , observers , good offices , mediation , conciliation and arbitration should also be employed ; he recognized the usefulness of regional and subregional peace initiatives such as those used by ECOWAS in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea Bissau and by SADC in the Great Lakes region .
 There was in fact growing concern within the international community about the consequences for third States of preventive or enforcement measures , which had led to the creation of an ad hoc expert group to study that issue -LRB- A/Res/52/162 , para . It was important that the work of that expert group be   followed   up and further discussed at the next session of the Committee . Agenda item 166 : Observer status for the International Centre for Migration Policy Development in the General Assembly -LRB- continued -RRB- -LRB- A/C.6/57/L.7 -RRB-
 It reflects a new approach adopted by the Working Group . Referring also to other positive examples of past cooperation with Governments , such as those of Brazil and Mexico , it invited other Governments to   follow   those examples . With regard to events that occurred more than 10 years ago , the Working Group expressed concern that the vast majority of the cases that it had clarified involved persons presumed dead .
 Conclusions and recommendations Referring to positive examples of past cooperation with Governments , such as those of Brazil and Mexico , in clarifying cases , the Working Group invited other Governments , particularly those of countries with a high number of outstanding cases , to   follow   those examples . With regard to events that occurred more than 10 years ago , the Group expressed concern that the vast majority of cases that it had been able to clarify involved persons who were presumed dead .
 In countries that deregulated somewhat earlier than others , a rather pragmatic approach seems to have emerged which differs empirically from one sector to another . Countries liberalizing somewhat later appear to have   followed   a more systematic approach . There is a good deal of variation across countries in the terminology used .
 The adoption of a development strategy , together with a detailed programme of action , marks the beginning of a new phase of partnership and cooperation between Africa and the developed world , including multilateral organizations . To this end , we seek the Council 's partnership in order to implement the   following   three elements of peace and security identified by NEPAD : the promotion of long-term conditions for development and security ; building the capacity of African institutions for early warning ; and enhancing African institutional capacity for the prevention , management and resolution of conflicts . Indeed , the institutionalization of the commitment to the core values of NEPAD has as its basis the promotion of peace , security , democracy , human rights and sound economic management .
 At the regional level the greatest increases were seen in the Islands Region and in the non-delimited zones , with 72 per cent and 74 per cent respectively . The increase in the East was 47 per cent ,   followed   by the coast and the highlands , with 31 per cent and 22 per cent respectively . Individual housing units
 During the period under review , the Mission received complaints encompassing 723 alleged violations and corroborated 4 , 719 violations denounced in this and previous periods . The Office of the Public Prosecutor bears the greatest responsibility for the increase in these kinds of violations ,   followed   by the Judiciary and PNC . The case of the Dos Erres massacre , in which 189 people , including women and children , were killed by Army members in the department of Petn in 1982 , is emblematic of the problem .
 In 2003 , we have to continue to be proactive on this issue in order to consolidate the peace process . While the situation in Sierra Leone in 2002 has considerably improved , thanks to the action of the Council , the United Nations Assistance Mission in Sierra Leone and the commendable efforts of the United Kingdom , the Council will have to   follow   closely the unstable situation in neighbouring Liberia . Considerable strides were made in the peace process in Angola .
 Rwandan troops seized material for their campaigns . The RCD-Goma third ANC Brigade ,   following   Rwanda 's example in their own random fashion , seized food and other property . Armed movements arose among local populations for self-defence , and occasionally these local militias banded together with other local militias to create larger armed groups .
 A breakdown of expenditure by region and type of assistance is provided in Table 1 . It reveals that expenditure was highest in Africa -LRB- some US $ 307 million -RRB- ,   followed   by South-East Europe -LRB- US $ 112 million -RRB- and South-West Asia , Central Asia and the Middle East -LRB- US $ 105 million -RRB- . In terms of types of assistance , the largest share was for care and maintenance pending durable solutions -LRB- some 32 per cent of total expenditure -RRB- , again mainly in Africa .
 In order to succeed , however , we need to pursue these efforts within a coherent framework to which the parties have agreed , and the parties need to stay the course and carry out long-standing commitments . For that reason it is of critical importance that the Quartet finalize its road map as soon as possible and then obtain the explicit agreement of both sides and of the international community to   follow   that map to a just , lasting settlement of this conflict . The President -LRB- spoke in Chinese -RRB- : I thank Mr. Prendergast for his comprehensive briefing .
 If the State party is not represented , the Committee may , at its discretion , either decide to proceed to consider the measures taken by the State party to implement the guarantees of the Covenant at the initial date or notify a new date to the State party . For the purpose of the application of these procedures , the Committee shall hold its meetings in public session if a delegation is present , and in private if a delegation is not present , and shall   follow   the modalities set forth in the reporting guidelines and in the rules of procedure of the Committee . After the Committee has adopted concluding observations , a follow-up procedure shall be employed in order to establish , maintain or restore a dialogue with the State party .
 Also invites the Special Rapporteur to continue to consider questions relating to the torture of children and conditions conducive to such torture and other cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment and to make appropriate recommendations for the prevention of such torture ; Calls upon all Governments to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur in the performance of his task , to supply all necessary information requested by the Special Rapporteur , to respond appropriately and expeditiously to his urgent appeals and to give serious consideration to requests by the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , and urges them to enter into a constructive dialogue with the Special Rapporteur in   following   up his recommendations ; Reiterates the need for the Special Rapporteur to be able to respond effectively , in particular to urgent appeals , to credible and reliable information that comes before him , and invites the Special Rapporteur to continue to seek the views and comments of all concerned , in particular Member States ;
 Cannabis The largest quantities seized worldwide were of cannabis herb ,   followed   by cannabis resin . Seized quantities of cannabis remained stable in 2001 .
 They remained more or less stable in 2001 . The largest cocaine seizures were reported from the United States of America ,   followed   by Colombia -LRB- see figure 9 -RRB- . Opiates
 Declines were recorded in a number of major markets , including the United States of America , Canada , the Netherlands , France and Italy . The largest ecstasy seizures were reported from the Netherlands ,   followed   by the United States of America . Figure 10 Trends in world seizures  1991-2001 -LRB- in metric tons -RRB-
 Figure 12 Global substance abuse trends : selected drugs in 2001 -LRB- based on information from 92 countries -RRB- The main problem drugs in the world , as reflected in demand for treatment , remained the opiates ,   followed   by cocaine . In much of East and South-East Asia , ATS are the main problem drugs .
 -LRB- iii -RRB- Constraints , challenges , opportunities , best practices , information-sharing and lessons learned ; Invites the Bureau of the Commission at its twelfth session to continue to recommend to the Commission the specific organizational modalities through open-ended and transparent consultations to be conducted in a timely manner ,   following   the established United Nations rules of procedure , bearing in mind that the activities during Commission meetings should provide for balanced involvement of participants from all regions , as well as for gender balance ; Decides to allocate the resources previously devoted to the former ad hoc intersessional working groups of the Commission to support the participation of representatives of member States of the Commission in one of their respective regional meetings in each implementation cycle ;
 Item 1 Organizational matters Elected the   following   members of the Bureau for 2003 : President : H.E. Mr. Roble Olhaye -LRB- Djibouti -RRB-
 Notes with concern that the regular -LRB- core -RRB- resources available to UNCDF fall far below the demand of programme countries , in particular the least developed countries , for its two areas of concentration : micro-finance and local governance/decentralization ; Reaffirms the unique contribution of UNCDF to the achievement of the MDGs and the Brussels Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries , and urges the international community to   follow   up on decision 2002/26 , which articulates a regular -LRB- core -RRB- resources mobilization target of $ 30 million per year , in order to allow UNCDF to fulfil its mandate ; Recognizes the efforts of UNCDF to broaden the donor base , and requests UNCDF to inform the Executive Board of its strategy to achieve the objectives set out in decision 2002/26 at the second regular session of the Board in September 2003 .
 I would like to recall that on 2 July 2002 , the Lithuanian Government for the first time submitted an initial transparency measure report under article 7 of the Ottawa Treaty on a voluntary basis . We are very pleased that other countries , not yet parties to the Convention , are   following   this example , and we fully endorse such steps . In conclusion , I would like to reaffirm Lithuania 's readiness to join the efforts aimed at securing the successful implementation and strengthening of the Ottawa Convention - a tool of crucial importance in eradicating anti-personnel mines and bringing the human suffering caused by these weapons to an end .
 The Federation opposed such an injustice , and requested that the situation should be resolved as a matter of urgency . Having closely   followed   the implementation of staff reduction , decentralization and reform measures in several United Nations organizations and aware of the complex nature of those processes , FICSA stressed the need to attribute due importance to the human factor . Lastly , FICSA and its member associations were finding it difficult to participate meaningfully in the staff-management consultation process since the related costs were met almost exclusively by voluntary contributions from staff .
 Cost-saving measures The Planning Group after considering the question of cost-saving measures recommends that the   following   text be included in the Report of the International Law Commission : With regard to paragraph 8 of General Assembly resolution 57/21 , the Commission notes that it is continuing to apply cost-saving measures in organizing its work programme and also to review its methods of work with a view to identifying further cost-effective efficiency gains.
 Model provision 3. Authority to enter into concession agreements The text of the draft model provision was as   follows   : The following public authorities have the power to enter into concession contracts4 for the implementation of infrastructure projects falling within their respective spheres of competence : -LSB- the enacting State lists the relevant public authorities of the host country that may enter into concession contracts by way of an exhaustive or indicative list of public authorities , a list of types or categories of public authority or a combination thereof -RSB- .5
 Mr. Rowe -LRB- Sierra Leone -RRB- : My delegation would like to join others in formally extending our warmest congratulations to you on your election to direct the affairs of this Committee .  Following   the saying which the Chairman quoted on Monday , I would like to assure him that we will not attempt to offer him any advice . However we assure him that our delegation is willing and ready to assist him and members of the Bureau in fulfilling their responsibilities .
 To that end , we who have been the main actors during this war , united in our determination to develop a truly republican army once again , undertake to build our common destiny by agreeing to silence our weapons and turn to discussion and cooperation instead . The Defence and Security Forces of Cte d'Ivoire and the Armed Forces of the Forces Nouvelles , together , invite all population groups living in the territory of Cte d'Ivoire to   follow   them on the road to peace , for they will not hesitate to shoulder their responsibilities should new disturbances break out . Done at Abidjan on 4 July 2003
 They are heavily involved in voluntary work through national societies covering a range of cultural , social , artistic and professional activities . Kuwaiti women also play a major role in   following   up and analysing the situation of women , the problems they face , and ways of resolving such problems in cooperation with Government agencies and civil society organizations . The principles laid down by Kuwaiti society in dealing with women 's issues have been translated into practical measures .
 Fostering here means that custody of a child , or more than one , is given by children homes affiliated to the Ministry of Social Affairs to a foster family to look after and bring up on behalf of the State in line with the regulations and conditions set out by the law . The role of the fostering department at the Ministry of Social Affairs , set up by Ministerial Order No. 179/1993 , is not confined to referring children to families alone , but also to   follow   up their cases while with foster families . If the foster family fails to meet the standards determined by the law the child is removed from their custody and is returned to a children 's home ; Law No. 97 of 1983 : This law set the stage for the adoption of legislation to set up the Public Authority for Minors ' Affairs , which is an independent body that comes under the direct supervision of the Minister of Justice .
 The meeting also identified a number of research priorities and pilot projects and recommended their incorporation into the programme of work and the identification of partners to undertake relevant activities . On the topic of mariculture , the Subsidiary Body endorsed activities to be undertaken and best practices to be   followed   in order to avoid the adverse effects of mariculture on marine and coastal biodiversity and to enhance its positive effects , as identified by the Ad Hoc Technical Expert Group on Mariculture . Research priorities for the future were also endorsed by Subsidiary Body .
 MDRP has substantial means at its disposal and stands ready to fund projects in addition to the quick impact projects for demobilization and reintegration of child soldiers that have already been put into place . But while MDRP   follows   a pragmatic and flexible approach , national disarmament , demobilization and reintegration programmes are a prerequisite . We urge the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Burundi to establish their national programmes .
 When the Conference is in session , the Presidency of the Conference shall rotate among all its members ; each President shall preside for a four-working-week period . The rotation which began in January 1979 , based on the English alphabetical list of membership , shall be   followed   . If the head of the delegation which performs the function of President can not be present , he may be replaced by a member of his delegation .
 Turkey immediately accorded recognition to the secessionist entity , which , however , has not been recognized by any other State . Further secessionist acts   followed   . United Nations Security Council resolutions 541 -LRB- 1983 -RRB- and 550 -LRB- 1984 -RRB- condemned the unilateral declaration and all subsequent secessionist acts , declared them illegal and invalid and called for their immediate withdrawal .
 At its fortieth session , the Sub-Commission in resolution 1988/34 , requested Ms. Halima Embarek Warzazi to study recent developments with regard to traditional practices affecting the health of women and children . In its resolution 1996/19 , the Sub-Commission decided to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a further two years in order to   follow   up and monitor such developments . The Commission on Human Rights endorsed this decision in its decision 1997/108 .
 Of these women , more than two thirds have access to the programme for the prevention of mother-to-child transmission . Our biggest challenge is   following   up the baby-mother pairs in order to measure the impact of this intervention . We have invested more than R20 million in the South African AIDS Vaccine Initiative .
 The Working Group transmitted the reply provided by the Government to the source , which has given its comments thereon The Working Group believes that it is in a position to render an opinion on the facts and circumstances of the cases , in the context of the allegations made , the response of the Government thereto and the observations by the source . The cases summarized hereafter concerning 11 government officials have been reported to the Working Group as   follows   : Mr. Abraha was dismissed from his post and stripped of his military rank by the President in February 2000 .
 Concerning the cases of Fawaz Tello , Habib Issa , Walid al-Bouni , Hasan Saadoun , Habib Saleh , Aref Dalila , Kamal Labouani , Riad al-Turk and Riad Seef , no information , as mentioned earlier , has been received from the Government . While Tthe source initially stated that no formal charges were brought against the persons mentioned in the preceding paragraph , it subsequently submitted new information about these cases -at first stated that they did not have charges against them- now reporting to the effect that Aref Dalila , Habib Saleh y and Walid al-Bouni have had further charges -LRB- atteinte  la Presidence -RRB- pressed against themunder atteinte a la Presidence , reportedly   following   recordings made of their conversations while in detention . It stated that According to this information , Mr. Dalila is reported had declared being victim of to have been subjected to torture .
 Note by the Secretary-General At its 2003 regular session , the Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations , in accordance with paragraph 61 -LRB- c -RRB- of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996 , requested the following organization to submit a special report to the Committee at its resumed session ,   following   a complaint lodged by the representative of the United States of America -LRB- see E/2003/32 , part II , para . Indian Movement Tupaj Amaru
 They also have a right to access to the patient 's records . Some of the submissions received provided information on the procedure to be   followed   in case of involuntary admission of a person with a mental illness in a mental health facility . In general terms , decisions concerning institutionalization can only be adopted by the judicial authority , on the basis of a previous diagnosis of mental illness .
 UNICEF is pursuing this aim vigorously . In this framework , cash flow projections have been obtained and are   followed   up . Brand Groups are bringing the matter up during meetings with National Committees , and it is included also into the financial monitoring report .
 The authors of the present evaluation believe that a systematic and strategic assessment by UNDP has the potential of greatly improving the effectiveness of capacity-building efforts at the country level . It is also important to address the   following   four areas : -LRB- a -RRB- better coordination at different levels - national and international , and especially between United Nations organizations at the country level ; -LRB- b -RRB- capacity for policy analysis and formulation ; -LRB- c -RRB- capacity for resource mobilization ; and -LRB- d -RRB- capacity for assessing development effectiveness . Advocacy and dissemination
 Khat destined for Somalia is packaged in the evening at Maua and dispatched overnight by road to Wilson Airport at Nairobi , where it arrives by 5 a.m. The khat is loaded on to small aircraft for transport to Somalia . The largest transporter is Bluebird Aviation , with approximately 250 flights each month to Somali destinations ; next is Knight Aviation with 60 to 70 flights per month ,   followed   by Capital Airlines with 50 to 60 . Other smaller companies fly less frequently to Somalia .
 The Board elected Mr. Franois Lger -LRB- France -RRB- as its Rapporteur .  Following   established practice , the Board agreed that the Regional Coordinators and China , and the Chairmen of the Sessional Committees , would be fully associated with the work of the Bureau of the Board . Adoption of the agenda and organization of the work of the session -LSB- 1 -LRB- b -RRB- -RSB-
 The only area where societal attitudes reflect a bias in public support , is in rugby . National ranking of popularity of sports codes shows rugby to be at the top   followed   by netball , although soccer is fast becoming a popular sport for both men and women following the completion of an international standard football field . These three codes have the advantage of participating and being ranked internationally thus gaining in stance over other codes in terms of public relations .
 There was no real improvement in the situation concerning the outposts . Over the year , the Committee   followed   with growing concern the construction of new and expansion of existing settlements and infrastructure in violation of the Fourth Geneva Convention and Israel 's obligations under the Road Map . According to reports available to the Committee , in January 2003 , the Aperion settlement was established , east of Salfit in the West Bank .
 This will also help further translations into other languages in future . As far as design and organization of the Glossary is concerned , it is advised that it should   follow   the style and design of the main website of the UNCCD , managed by the secretariat . Also all technical issues can be solved there , since both software and hardware are already available .
 The Administration informed the Board that the strategic plan for IMIS for the period 2002-2005 was completed in November 2002 , and reflects the overall ICT strategy presented to the General Assembly -LRB- A/57/620 -RRB- . The Board will   follow   up on the formal approval of the strategic plan . -LRB- g -RRB- Recommendation in paragraphs 13 -LRB- g -RRB- and 113 that the Administration develop and implement a structured , Organization-wide risk-assessment process covering all information and communication technology environments that , inter alia : -LRB- a -RRB- clearly defines roles and responsibilities for risk management and accountability ; -LRB- b -RRB- establishes a policy defining risk reporting , limits and tolerance .
 On the issue of IMIS users ' expectations , the Administration further informed the Board that these are communicated via the Substantive Interest Groups , which have been meeting more regularly since mid-2002 . -LRB- t -RRB- Recommendation in paragraphs 13 -LRB- o -RRB- and 183 that the Office of Internal Oversight Services strengthen its information technology and information systems audit capability through further staffing and training ,   following   the approach recommended by the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions . Comment .
 UNRWA informed the Board that the disclosure will be reviewed and if necessary , appropriate disclosure will be made in the notes to the financial statements for the biennium 2002-2003 . -LRB- g -RRB- Recommendation in paragraph 43 that UNRWA implement the accounts receivable module of the new software acquired in order to   follow   up receivable balances in a timely manner . Comment .
 Comment . UNFPA informed the Board that it is   following   up and intensifying monitoring of country offices that did not submit the 2002 audit plans in a timely manner . -LRB- r -RRB- Recommendation in paragraph 89 that UNFPA adhere , as far as practical and feasible , to the mandatory project evaluation and monitoring procedures as prescribed in its directives .
 UNDP is also assisting the country in preparing for elections that were originally scheduled for October 2003 . The Advisory Group will continue to   follow   the situation in Guinea-Bissau . With the emergency assistance of the international community , the Group hopes that the socio-economic conditions in the country can be improved to benefit the population .
 Figure 8 shows the 2004-2005 regular budget by programme activity . Direct allocations to the Education Programme account for 53.8 % of the regular budget ,   followed   by the Health Programme -LRB- 17.8 % -RRB- and the Relief and Social Services -LRB- RSS -RRB- Programme -LRB- 9.8 % -RRB- . The remaining portion represents support costs and items budgeted centrally , including working capital and area staff salary increase requirements .
 Women and men enjoyed equal access to institutions of higher education , and women in fact outnumbered men among university students . However , that had not resulted in their participation in decision-making in the educational system , and vocational and professional training still   followed   traditional gender roles . Women still did not have equal access to resources for production , although there was some slight narrowing of the salary gap between men and women , and their presence among higher professional and technical posts was growing .
 Therefore suspects or accused persons whose assets were below this threshold qualified for legal aid . In the reform ,   following   the consultant 's recommendation -LRB- l -RRB- there is a major reduction from this threshold . The consultant recommended the amount of $ 10 , 000 .
 The Committee is concerned that adoptions are processed in such a way that seriously hinders the right of the child to know , as far as possible , her/his biological parents . The Committee recommends that the State party establish a comprehensive national policy and guidelines governing adoption , including mechanisms to review , monitor and   follow   up adoptions , in order to prevent any form of abuse of adoption for the purpose of exploitation and trafficking . In light of articles 3 and 7 of the Convention , the Committee recommends that the State party undertake all necessary measures to allow all adoptive children to obtain , as far as possible , information on the identity of their parents .
 Figure 3. Breakdown of CO2 emissions within fuel combustion The largest sources of CH4 in 2000 were fugitive emissions and agriculture -LRB- both around 34 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by the waste sector -LRB- 29 per cent -RRB- . In five Parties -LRB- Canada , Czech Republic , Croatia , Hungary , Russian Federation -RRB- fugitive emissions were the largest source of CH4 .
 Policies and measures having a negative impact on emission trends A few Parties noted that energy market reforms had reduced energy prices , favouring established , low-cost , fossil-fuel-based electricity producers and reducing incentives for energy efficiency -LRB- Australia , Austria , Switzerland -RRB- . Austria reported that it had increased electricity taxes , to compensate for demand-driving electricity price-cutting ,   following   market liberalization . Most Parties were yet to study such negative effects of energy market liberalization in any detail .
 Participation of non-governmental organizations in the activities of the Committee Since its early sessions , the Committee has invited non-governmental organizations to   follow   its work . In order to ensure that it is as well informed as possible , the Committee invites representatives of national and international non-governmental organizations to provide country-specific information on States parties whose reports are before it .
 Where an EU-led operation is deployed , all possible measures will also be taken to protect the rights of those persons who  on grounds of race , colour , sex , sexual orientation , religion or faith , descent or national or social origin  suffer from discrimination . Special consideration will be given to the rights of children , to ensure that they do not take a direct part in hostilities and are not recruited or used by armed groups , and that combatants , in particular child soldiers and girls   following   armed groups , are disarmed , demobilized , rehabilitated and reintegrated . Where necessary , child protection expertise will be integrated into the chain of command of EU-led crisis management operations .
 In 14 of the 32 offices audited in 2002 , the overall controls were found to be satisfactory , and 18 offices had unsatisfactory controls . The most common audit observation was related to the quality of offices ' annual project plans of action ,   followed   by weaknesses in the use of the established ProMS facilities for monitoring office performance , and the lack of an integrated monitoring and evaluation plan . There were 12 observations issued for weaknesses in the offices ' attention to staff training in programme management and/or technical programme skills .
 The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item . The Chairman of the Committee made a statement regarding the procedures to be   followed   during the consideration of this agenda item . The Under-Secretary-General for Management made a statement on the current financial situation of the United Nations .
 This being so , despite the contrary opinion of some writers , no rule of international law requires a State or an international organization to state its reasons for an objection to a reservation . Except where a specific reservation is expressly authorized by a treaty , the other contracting parties are always free to reject it and even to enter into treaty relations with its author. A statement drafted as   follows   : The Government  intends to formulate an objection to the reservation made by 
 During its meetings in capitals with State officials , the Monitoring Group has often stressed that even if a particular State perceives no threat to its own security , the presence , however dormant , of Al Qaeda-related individuals may pose a threat to other countries not necessarily of the region , but elsewhere in the world . Although the majority of States have submitted reports   following   the guidelines issued by the Committee and have provided useful information , the overall response has so far been disappointing . To date , 64 reports have been received  representing barely 30 per cent of the United Nations membership .
 Since its early years , the United Nations has issued a series of international recommendations on population and housing censuses to assist countries in planning and carrying out improved and cost-effective censuses , under the title Principles and Recommendations for Population and Housing Censuses , last published in 1998 . For the current census round , many countries reported that they   followed   the United Nations recommendations or related recommendations issued by the European Union or the Latin-American and Caribbean Demographic Centre . Furthermore , most countries used related international classifications , such as activity classifications , occupational classifications and health classifications .
 In the context of the struggle against terrorism , welcome efforts were being made to strengthen the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material . The ability of IAEA to detect undeclared nuclear activities had been strengthened with the adoption by a number of countries of additional protocols to their safeguards agreements , and he urged other States to   follow   suit . He welcomed the many reports that had been prepared on the implementation of the 13 practical steps contained in the 2000 Final Document , and hoped that the precedent thus created would generate momentum for further transparency in the future .
 Notes that the amount of compensation to be distributed to one category E4 claimant has been reduced in an amount of USD 6 , 253 to limit its award to an amount no greater than the amount it claimed , Recalls that paragraph 1 -LRB- g -RRB- of decision 123 directs the Executive Secretary to make payments on behalf of the Government of the State of Kuwait , pursuant to the irrevocable delegation of authority annexed to decision 123 , to the Governments and other submitting entities of the portions of awards of compensation to which category C and/or D claimants are entitled , as determined by the bilateral committees under the guidelines , as   follows   : Table 4. Distribution of awards to individual claimants applying bilateral committee determinations made pursuant to article 2 of the guidelines annexed to
 -LRB- decision 17/CP.7 , paragraph 6 -LRB- c -RRB- , -LRB- i -RRB- , -LRB- ii -RRB- and -LRB- iii -RRB- -RRB- The Board agreed that if the maximum reference value of a small-scale CDM project activity is exceeded on an annual average basis during any verified period , CERs should be issued only up to the maximum value . CDM PROJECT ACTIVITIES Introduction Small-scale CDM project activities shall   follow   the stages of the project cycle specified in the modalities and procedures for a clean development mechanism contained in the annex to decision 17/CP.7 -LRB- hereinafter referred as the CDM modalities and procedures -RRB- . In order to reduce transaction costs modalities and procedures are simplified for small-scale CDM project activities , as follows : Project activities may be bundled or portfolio bundled at the following stages in the project cycle : the project design document , validation , registration , monitoring , verification and certification .
 Following the completion of the steps set out in paragraph 6 above and , if possible , resolution of any problems relating to the reported information , and taking account of the information contained in the compilation and accounting database maintained by the secretariat , the expert review team shall assess whether aggregate anthropogenic carbon dioxide equivalent emissions for the commitment period exceed the quantities of ERUs , CERs , AAUs , and RMUs in the retirement account of the Party for the commitment period . Timing The review of the calculation of assigned amount pursuant to Article 3 , paragraphs 7 and 8 , as part of the initial review shall be concluded within one year of the due date for submission of the report to facilitate the calculation of the assigned amount pursuant to Article 3 , paragraphs 7 and 8 , referred to in paragraph 65 of the annex to decision -/CMP.1 -LRB- Modalities for the accounting of assigned amounts -RRB- and shall   follow   the time frames and procedures established in paragraph 10 below . The expert review team shall prepare a draft review report within eight weeks of the receipt of the comments on the questions posed and shall send the draft report to the Party concerned for comments ; The Party included in Annex I shall provide its comments on the draft review report within four weeks of receipt of the report .
 OIOS knows of two cases where prima facie evidence was presented to Member States for prosecutorial action , but to date it is unaware of the results of any such actions by the concerned Member States . In one case , OIOS   followed   up on its investigation involving the attempted rape of an 11-year-old girl by a peacekeeper and adduced evidence suggesting that the crime of rape did occur . The accused peacekeeper was repatriated , but OIOS has no knowledge of any further action taken by the peacekeeper 's military service .
 In June 2000 , the Equality Authority published a report on partnership rights for same sex couples , highlighting existing discriminations in Irish law as between married and same sex -LRB- and non married heterosexual -RRB- couples . In May 2002 , the Authority published a further report on Implementing Equality for Lesbians , Gays and Bisexuals and the recommendations in this report are currently being   followed   up with Government departments , state bodies and the social partners , by the National Economic and Social Forum . 3.15 Equality in the Cultural Field
 Activities proposed for implementation in 2004 The   following   activities are proposed for 2004 : -LRB- a -RRB- Fourteenth United Nations/Sweden International Training Course on Remote Sensing Education for Educators , to be held in Stockholm and Kiruna , Sweden , in May-June 2004 ;
 OIOS supports the principle that monitoring should be a management support mechanism that also ensures the proper application of rules and procedures .  Following   this principle , monitoring should be integrated , results-oriented , focused and efficient . With the aim of providing comprehensive and relevant information to management , different monitoring activities need to be consolidated and harmonized .
 An annex to the Agreement also set out a programme for resolving issues that constituted the root causes of instability in Cte d'Ivoire , such as the question of citizenship , the status of foreign nationals , eligibility to run for the presidency of the country , incitement to hatred and xenophobia by certain media , the creation of a human rights commission consisting of representatives from all parties , the drawing up of a voters roll , the independence of the justice system with respect to electoral disputes , and the implementation of a land tenure regime . The peace Agreement provided for the establishment of a committee to   follow   up on the implementation of the Agreement -LRB- the Follow-Up Committee -RRB- . The Committee will be based in Abidjan. It is composed of representatives of the United Nations , the African Union , ECOWAS , the European Commission , the International Organization of la Francophonie , the Bretton Woods institutions , the Group of Eight countries , the European Union , a military representative of the troop-contributing countries and France .
 The work should proceed through close cooperation with other intergovernmental and United Nations organizations involved in the preparation of global legal instruments affecting international trade and transport . With regard to security issues , UNCTAD , in consultation with IMO , ILO and the World Customs Organization -LRB- WCO -RRB- , should   follow   developments in the new multilateral security framework , analyse the impact of security measures on developing countries , facilitate the exchange of views and experiences among interested parties , and formulate linkages with trade and transport facilitation in order to help build an efficient and secure trade environment . UNCTAD should , through its technical cooperation programmes , such as the Automated System for Customs Data -LRB- ASYCUDA -RRB- and the Advance Cargo Information System -LRB- ACIS -RRB- , and training , assist developing countries in their efforts to build their transport capacities and thus enhance the competitiveness of their national enterprises .
 In order to end that situation and enable Africa to take its rightful place in world trade , particularly in regard to agriculture , the President of Senegal had proposed that an agricultural Davos should be organized . The purpose of that meeting would be to put a human face on the work of WTO , so that the rules of world trade would no longer be a set of abstract principles that the weak were bound to   follow   and the strong could violate at will . Mr. Gallardo Aparicio -LRB- Bolivia -RRB- said that the Committee should focus on ensuring implementation of the agenda outlined in the Millennium Declaration , the International Conference on Financing for Development and the World Summit on Sustainable Development .
 a Address should include : department , street , postal code , city , country and the Internet address of the organization -LRB- if available -RRB- . b Organization includes : institutions , ministries , government agencies closely   following   the activity , companies , non-governmental organizations , etc. , involved in the activity . c Function within activity : please use the following categories :
 A key objective of the OHCHR field presences is to ensure that international human rights standards are implemented and realized at the country level , in both law and in practice . This is accomplished by setting up or strengthening national human rights capacities and national human rights institutions ,   following   up on the recommendations of human rights treaty bodies and the Commission on Human Rights and creating a culture of human rights . The continued strong support for the country and thematic mandates and the consolidation , maintenance and extension of the database on thematic procedures to include country-specific mandates is crucial to the overall programme of work of the Activities and Programmes Branch .
 At the 3rd meeting , the Acting Coordinator of the Anti-Discrimination Unit of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights informed the Working Group about activities undertaken by the Unit to follow up on and implement the Declaration and Programme of Action of the World Conference against Racism , Racial Discrimination , Xenophobia and Related Intolerance . Also at the 3rd meeting , presentations were made by representatives of the ILO and UNESCO regarding their organizations ' initiatives to   follow   up on the World Conference . A general statement was also made by the observer for the Holy See -LRB- 4th -RRB- .
 The education of children from the small indigenous minorities is a recognized element of the Russian education system . The fundamental principles are as   follows   : the right to be taught in one 's native language ; application of the State 's educational standards ; and application of the general requirements for various levels of educational programmes with due regard for the national-territorial structure of the Russian Federation , which is home to various peoples , ethnic and linguistic groups and presents regional and local peculiarities . According to information from Russia 's State Statistical Committee for 2002 , there were some 6 , 000 pre-school facilities in the Far North and associated areas , servicing more than 542 , 000 children .
 Recommendation of the Credentials Committee The Credentials Committee recommends to the Thirteenth Meeting of States Parties the adoption of the   following   draft resolution : Credentials of representatives to the Thirteenth Meeting of States Parties to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea
 Financial constraints , reported by 62 per cent of States , topped the list of difficulties faced in the implementation of programmes targeted towards reducing the negative health and social consequences of drug abuse . That was   followed   by a lack of appropriate systems and structures , a lack of coordination and multilateral cooperation , a lack of technical expertise , and problems with existing national legislation , as reported by 37 per cent , 33 per cent , 32 per cent and 18 per cent of States , respectively . Programmatic activities of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime in the area of HIV/AIDS prevention associated with drug use
 OIOS agrees that as international civil servants , the investment staff of the Service are required to perform their professional functions in accordance with the United Nations standards of conduct and the Financial Rules . However , as investment staff they should also   follow   a code of ethics established for professionals operating in the investment industry . Such a code would include specific elements and requirements not entirely covered by the United Nations code of conduct , such as requirements for annual written acknowledgement of the code of ethics , descriptions of possible conflicts of interest and a policy on personal investments .
 Affirms that the Office of the Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women is the competent capacity for gender mainstreaming in the United Nations as a whole and is responsible for the formulation of policy as mandated by the intergovernmental bodies , and in this regard requests the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to establish a viable , effective and close coordinating mechanism with the Special Adviser , ensuring that all plans of action on gender mainstreaming in peacekeeping operations are consistent with the existing mandates ; Stresses that the creation of a gender adviser in the Best Practices Unit of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations does not constitute a precedent to be   followed   by other departments and should not itself lead to the establishment of a gender unit in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations , and also stresses the importance of not duplicating functions and capacities that already exist elsewhere in the Secretariat ; Decides to review the establishment and the level of the post of gender adviser in the context of paragraph 14 of the present resolution ;
 This has complicated the task of those charged with administering these controls . A number of leading international banks , including those which have adopted the Wolfsberg Statement on the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism -LRB- see annex V -RRB- have complained that the proliferation of control lists has seriously compromised their ability to   follow   transactions related to such persons . They have called for greater international coordination and consolidation of these official lists of suspected terrorists and terrorist organizations .
 The Group notes that regulation and financial oversight of charities varies from country to country and is unevenly applied . Many States lack the ability under current laws and regulations to adequately audit and   follow   charitable-related transactions or to hold those accountable for abuse . The Group recommends that States review their legislation in this regard to assure that adequate controls and penalties are in place to deal with this issue .
 Together with the recent presentation by CNN of some videotapes discovered in Afghanistan showing the alleged al-Qa'idah experiments on dogs , the planning by Moroccans connected to al-Qa'idah to possibly inject cyanide into water pipes running to the United States Embassy in Rome adds credence to these horrific intentions . The Group is continuing to   follow   lines of inquiry with respect to weapons of mass destruction . Analysis of 90-day reports submitted by States pursuant to resolution 1390 -LRB- 2002 -RRB-
 The Wolfsberg Group supports the FATF Special Recommendations on Terrorist Financing as measures conducive to the suppression of the financing of terrorism . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The Wolfsberg Group consists of the   following   leading international banks ABN Amro N.V. , Banco Santander Central Hispano , S.A. , Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi , Ltd. , Barclays Bank , Citigroup , Credit Suisse Group , Deutsche Bank AG , Goldman Sachs , HSBC , J.P.Morgan , Chase , Socit Gnrale , UBS AG and became known when they , together with Transparency International and Mark Pieth , agreed to a set of global anti-money-laundering guidelines for international private banks in October 2000 . Wolfsberg is the location in Switzerland where an important working session to formulate the guidelines was held .
 As was further reported in document DP/2003/19 , following the 2002 budget reduction exercise , UNOPS implemented the required staff reductions professionally and in full conformity with United Nations Staff Rules and Regulations . However , the relatively lengthy period needed to carry out the staff reduction decision - so as to ensure that complete due process was strictly   followed   - was a challenge for both staff and management . This resulted from the fact that UNOPS had to continue providing agreed services without interruption while at the same time carrying out the staff reduction exercise , thereby ensuring that the income base of the organization was not further eroded .
 1 This list includes possible elements for the provisional agenda of COP 9 in the event the Kyoto Protocol has entered into force and COP/MOP 1 is convened in conjunction with COP 9 . 2 Following the inability of the COP at its fifth session to reach any conclusion on this matter -LRB- FCCC/CP/1999/6 , para. 18 -RRB- , and   following   rule 10 -LRB- c -RRB- and rule 16 of the draft rules of procedure being applied , an item entitled Second review of the adequacy of Article 4.2 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- of the Convention was included in the provisional agenda for the sixth and seventh sessions . Attached to this item was a footnote reflecting a proposal made at the fifth session by the Group of 77 and China to amend this item to read Review of the adequacy of implementation of Article 4 , paragraph 2 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- of the Convention .
 I.67 Upon enquiry as to whether the projects outlined in section 2 had been subjected to the standards for determining overall return on investment , as set out in the information and communication technology strategy -LRB- see A/57/620 , paras . 31 and 77 -RRB- , the Advisory Committee was informed that all departmental projects   followed   the standards set in the information and communication strategy , but that at the present stage return on investment was difficult to quantify . Upon request , the Committee was provided with details concerning the progress of implementation of departmental information and communication projects .
 C. Election of the President of the Conference At its 1st meeting , on 9 December , the Conference decided to   follow   standard practice and to confer on the host country the Presidency of the Conference . Accordingly , the Conference elected , by acclamation , Luis Ernesto Derbez Bautista President of the Conference .
 Commission on Human Rights During the year , the Special Committee closely   followed   the work of the Commission on Human Rights with regard to the question of the right of peoples to self-determination and its application to peoples under colonial domination , and to the question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms in any part of the world , with particular reference to colonial and other dependent Territories . The Special Committee further took into account the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly , including resolutions 57/183 , 57/192 , 57/197 , 57/203 and 57/223 of 18 December 2002 .
 Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination During the year , having regard to the relevant provisions of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the Special Committee continued to   follow   the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination -LRB- see also paras. 64 and 65 below -RRB- . Specialized agencies and international institutions associated with the United Nations
 African Union Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the African Union on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of the African Union . Caribbean Community
 Caribbean Community Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the Caribbean Community -LRB- CARICOM -RRB- on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of CARICOM . Pacific Islands Forum
 The representative of Pitcairn referred to the unfolding court case against some Pitcairn men . The islanders believed that the procedures being   followed   by the Government of the United Kingdom were impeding the development of self-government , were socially divisive and could destroy the community through loss of manpower . He noted that education was a key element in the decolonization process , and stated that the people in the Territory did not fully understand the possibilities or significance of the various political futures that might be available to them .
  Nuclear material : the IAEA has been able to confirm that there has been no diversion of the nuclear material stored under IAEA seal ; it has also been able to investigate reports of attempted imports by Iraq of uranium since 1990 , and to ascertain that these specific allegations were unfounded . However , the IAEA will continue to   follow   up any additional evidence that may emerge relevant to efforts by Iraq to import nuclear material .  Uranium enrichment by centrifuge : the IAEA considers that it is unlikely that the aluminium tubes Iraq attempted to import were for use in centrifuge enrichment .
 Rather , the medical studies and data available at the time of the dismissals were adequate to give rise to a belief that mandatory retirement was necessary for safety and that the dismissals were objective and reasonable . 4.12 Moreover , the mandatory retirement policy was instituted with consideration to the international safety standards set by the International Civil Aviation Organization -LRB- ICAO -RRB- , which are intended to be mandatory and are   followed   by many States as best practice . It is expected that States conform to standards and endeavour to conform with recommended practices .
 Information provided by Member States tells us about the movement and concealment of missiles and chemical weapons and mobile units for biological weapons production . We shall certainly   follow   up any credible leads given to us and report what we might find , as well as any denial of access . So far , we have reported on the recent find of a small number of empty 122-millimetre warheads for chemical weapons .
 Consequently , the trend towards concentration of the population in larger urban settlements has not yet resulted in a marked decline of either the proportion or the number of persons living in smaller urban settlements . With 26.5 million inhabitants , Tokyo is the most populous urban agglomeration in the world ,   followed   by So Paulo -LRB- 18.3 million -RRB- , Mexico City -LRB- 18.3 million -RRB- , New York -LRB- 16.8 million -RRB- and Mumbai -LRB- 16.5 million -RRB- -LRB- table 4 -RRB- . By 2015 , Tokyo will remain the largest urban agglomeration with 27.2 million inhabitants , followed by Dhaka , Mumbai , So Paulo , Delhi and Mexico City , all of which are expected to have more than 20 million inhabitants .
 With 26.5 million inhabitants , Tokyo is the most populous urban agglomeration in the world , followed by So Paulo -LRB- 18.3 million -RRB- , Mexico City -LRB- 18.3 million -RRB- , New York -LRB- 16.8 million -RRB- and Mumbai -LRB- 16.5 million -RRB- -LRB- table 4 -RRB- . By 2015 , Tokyo will remain the largest urban agglomeration with 27.2 million inhabitants ,   followed   by Dhaka , Mumbai , So Paulo , Delhi and Mexico City , all of which are expected to have more than 20 million inhabitants . Table 4 Population of cities with 10 million inhabitants or more , 1950 , 1975 , 2001 and 2015 -LRB- millions -RRB-
 Consultations with the host Government and other Member States on possible dates for the Eleventh Congress revealed that the most suitable dates would tentatively be from 18 to 25 April 2005 , with pre-congress consultations to be held on 18 April 2005 .  Following   past practice , the conclusions of the Congress will be considered by the Commission at its session in 2005 , with a view to providing guidance on their implementation . The Commission also recommended that the high-level segment of the Eleventh Congress be held during the last three days of the Congress in order to allow heads of State or Government or government ministers to focus on the main substantive agenda items of the Congress .
 This report will be submitted to the COP for its consideration and any decision the COP may wish to take on the implementation of the Convention .  Following   the same decision , the COP may also wish to approve the programme of work of the CRIC , including estimates regarding financial implications . -LRB- c -RRB- Consideration of additional procedures or institutional mechanisms to assist the Conference of the Parties in regularly reviewing the implementation of the Convention
 In a publication issued by the Ministry of Health 's Department of Epidemiology , entitled `` Methodology for supporting local prioritization of health problems - national and regional analysis of years of potential life lost -LRB- AVPP -RRB- between 1985 and 1995 '' , the three main causes of AVPP are defined as : trauma and poisoning , tumours , and diseases of the circulatory system . They appear in this order in men , whereas with women the major cause is tumours ,   followed   by circulatory diseases and accidents . Table 35
 This function should be complemented , at every major duty station , by a person or a panel responsible on a part-time basis for informal conciliation , mediation and negotiation functions under the overall guidance and supervision of the ombudsman . -LRB- b -RRB-   Following   the example of certain judicial instances in the Member States , the ILO Administrative Tribunal and the United Nations Administrative Tribunal should be enabled to mediate between parties . This power should be expressly attributed to the tribunals so that , whenever deemed appropriate , they may resort to conciliation to resolve disputes , particularly those where no major legal issues are involved .
 2.57 The Interpretation Service and the Publishing Service -LRB- excluding the Official Records Editing Section , which is covered under subprogramme 2 -RRB- are responsible for the implementation of this subprogramme and for achieving its objectives . The strategy will be as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- to ensure that interpreters have full access to terminology and reference material routinely available to translators ; -LRB- b -RRB- to coordinate closely with other duty stations the servicing of external meetings and conferences ; -LRB- c -RRB- to pursue efforts aimed at printing internally more publications than were previously printed externally ; and -LRB- d -RRB- to enhance the capacity to provide users with non-paper means of distribution . The publishing area was substantially reorganized and streamlined , resulting in a corresponding release of resources to other priority areas within the Division .
 Subsequently , Andorra , Armenia , Austria , Bolivia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , the Congo , the Dominican Republic , Ecuador , Japan , Malta , Mongolia , Nicaragua , Nigeria , Panama , the Republic of Korea , the Republic of Moldova , Romania , Rwanda , Serbia and Montenegro , Thailand , the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , the United Republic of Tanzania , the United States of America and Uruguay joined in sponsoring the draft resolution . At the 55th meeting , on 24 November , the representative of the Netherlands orally revised the draft resolution as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- The first part of operative paragraph -LRB- a -RRB- , which read :
 In Argentina , this share has risen to 80 per cent and in Brazil to 72 per cent . The development of supermarket chains in Asia and Africa has   followed   a pattern similar to that in Latin America , but with a lag . The share of supermarket chains in grocery retail is around 33 per cent in Indonesia , Malaysia and Thailand , 63 per cent in the Republic of Korea , Taiwan Province of China and the Philippines , and in urban China it has reached almost 50 per cent .
 It is in the context that I have tried to describe that Turkey has been unequivocal in pronouncing the principles that guide us vis--vis Iraq during these difficult times . We have been   following   a transparent and open policy and we have repeatedly made clear the basic tenets of our policy , which we will continue to safeguard . Let me reiterate these once more to this body .
 It is thus essential that the voice of Member States non-members of the Security Council be heard once again . Brazil is   following   the situation with great concern . As indications mount that we are heading towards a war , we are compelled to consider the enormous costs involved .
 Figure 2. Changes in aggregated GHG emissions , 1990-2000 Trends in total aggregated GHG emissions   followed   the trends in carbon dioxide -LRB- CO2 -RRB- emissions because CO2 remained the main contributor with a share of 82 per cent in 2000 -LRB- 80 per cent in 1990 -RRB- . Fuel combustion remained the most important source of emissions and its share of the total GHG emissions has increased by 2 per cent -LRB- from about 78 to 80 per cent -RRB- .
 The International Committee of the Red Cross expressed the view that the working group 's work was extremely important and reported that an international conference on the missing would be held in February 2003 ; its recommendations could be useful to the working group . ICRC also indicated that provision should be made for the new instrument to apply during armed conflicts ,   following   the example of article 2 , paragraph 2 , of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment , and article 7 of the 1992 Declaration , according to which no circumstances whatsoever , whether a threat of war , a state of war , internal political instability or any other public emergency , may be invoked to justify enforced disappearances . Regarding the monitoring mechanism for the future instrument , several speakers said it would be preferable to avoid the proliferation of mechanisms within the United Nations and proposed the preparation of an optional protocol to an existing instrument rather than a convention with yet another monitoring body .
 The choice of the way in which reorganization is carried out is typically a response to the size of the business and the degree of complexity of the debtor 's specific situation . Although the reorganization process is not as universal as liquidation , and may not therefore   follow   such a common pattern , there are a number of key or essential elements that can be determined : -LRB- a -RRB- Submission of the debtor to the process -LRB- whether voluntarily or on the basis of an application by creditors -RRB- , which may or may not involve judicial control or supervision ;
 The European Union Council of Ministers had also confirmed that , starting in 2005 , the European Union would provide US $ 369 million annually in contributions and funding to assist developing countries in activities relating to climate change , in accordance with the voluntary commitment made during the second part of the sixth session of the Conference in 2001 . In line with European policies , Italy   followed   a national strategy which integrated measures to increase the country 's economic efficiency with those aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions . In addition , Italy was committed to using Kyoto Protocol mechanisms in order to create new opportunities for cooperation with developing countries and countries in Eastern Europe and Central Asia , with a view to strengthening adaptation programmes in areas most vulnerable to climate change .
 The Special Rapporteur also had to concern himself with the ongoing armed conflict in Nicaragua . The international community was   following   that conflict closely and was outraged at situations such as the Iran-Contra scandal , which revealed the involvement of agents of the United States Central Intelligence Agency -LRB- CIA -RRB- in covert operations in support of the contras . The Special Rapporteur visited Nicaragua on mission in 1989 , where he received numerous complaints about the presence of mercenaries alongside the contras. Covert operations were undermining the political stability of the country and prolonging an armed conflict that cost the lives of several thousand Nicaraguans .
 The claims relating to delayed payments arise from the alleged impact of the delayed payment on the claimants ' businesses or their dealings with third parties . It   follows   from the directness requirement that such claimants must establish a direct link between a loss and Iraq 's invasion and occupation of Kuwait . Absent a specific showing that a loss arose which reasonably would have been expected to occur as a result of the delayed payment in question , the Panel finds that , under the circumstances in some of the claims under review , the claimants have failed to establish a direct loss resulting from Iraq 's invasion and occupation of Kuwait .
 My delegation attaches great importance to the justice aspect . We have   followed   , with great interest , the observations made by Judge Meron and the comments contained in the report submitted by Lord Ashdown on the subject . The Completion Strategy by 2010 , defined by the ICTY Judge in June 2002 , and the possibility of sending some cases before national jurisdictions , which the Council supported , is relevant now more than ever .
 Moreover , it will analyse macroeconomic issues and the performance of production sectors using current analytical , forecasting and policy simulation tools . It will   follow   up international economic trends and transitions relevant to national and regional economies , especially an analysis of their impact on employment and other social issues . An analysis will also be conducted of regional financial markets and the mobilization of financial resources ; fiscal developments ; trends in foreign and domestic debt ; banking systems and credit markets ; and trends in the environment of increased competitiveness .
 In this respect , some experts highlighted the specific situation of LDCs , particularly some African countries , in attracting FDI in services . Nevertheless , the   following   issues emerged as most important when considering privatization : the role of privatization policy in a country 's overall development strategy ; the objectives of privatization ; the importance of the regulatory framework and of strong and independent supervisory and privatization institutions ; the level of domestic political support for privatization ; and the identification of possible social costs of privatization and how to minimize them . Chapter II
 In view of the deficiencies noted during a follow-up audit of the implementation of procurement reform -LRB- A/55/746 -RRB- , the Office of Internal Oversight Services had recommended that the Procurement Division revise the Procurement Manual to specify the procedures for processing letters of assist , including the use of comparable cost data and proper justification of decisions . In February 2002 , the Department of Management informed the Office of Internal Oversight Services that the revised Procurement Manual would specify the procedures for processing letters of assist , and that the Procurement Division had initiated consultations with the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to develop streamlined procedures that allow for the consideration of commercial aspects when ensuring that due process is   followed   when processing letters of assist . The Department of Peacekeeping Operations had taken the initiative to prepare written operating procedures pertaining to letters of assist budgetary and payment processes .
 The programme will be used as the basis for evaluating the implementation , by member States of ECCAS , of the relevant provisions and recommendations of the New York Programme of Action . The Programme of Activities of the subregion identifies the   following   priority areas of activity : - The implementation of a national commission or structure to coordinate policies aimed at combating the proliferation of small arms and light weapons ;
 The Schemes are currently offering apprenticeships in the following occupations : agricultural trades ; hospitality trades ; tailoring ; building trades ; handicraft trades ; personal service trades such as hairdressing ; printing trade ; mechanical engineering and allied trades ; woodworking trades ; electrical engineering trades ; computer-aided engineering ; industrial design ; industrial electronics ; information technology ; motor vehicle-related trades ; telecommunications ; and refrigeration and air conditioning -LRB- see annex , table 2 -RRB- . An analysis of the intake of students   following   the apprenticeship schemes by gender reveals that the majority of students are males . Presently , females may prefer to undertake academic rather than vocational training .
 The new Butterfly Centre has been set up to deal with cases of social , sexual or physical abuse , which may be referred by teachers , social workers or the School Medical Service . Children with complex problems such as complex medical syndromes are   followed   up at the Child Development Assessment Unit which is run by a multidisciplinary team comprising a paediatrician , a psychologist , a psychiatrist , a physiotherapist , a speech therapist and an occupational therapist . Measures taken by the Government to control epidemic and endemic diseases The Department of Public Health of the Ministry of Health is responsible for maintaining strict surveillance on the principal communicable diseases .
 Norway reported that , in connection with the follow-up to the National Plan of Action for Persons with Disabilities , the Norwegian Ministry of Social Affairs has adopted a report , which suggests several measures to ensure full participation of , and equality of opportunities for , persons with disabilities . In order to   follow   up on this report , the Ministry of Social Affairs is preparing a White Paper , which will be presented to the Norwegian parliament in early 2003 . In Portugal , the Constitution states that persons with disabilities shall enjoy fully all the rights and be subjected to all the duties set forth in the constitutional charter , and ensures a special treatment to those persons requiring it .
 Welcoming all the positive developments that have taken place within the framework of the Commission on Human Rights , through its intersessional working groups and other mechanisms specifically created for the effective implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action , Endorsing the Secretary-General 's appointment of members of the eminent persons group to   follow   up the implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action , Welcoming the final nomination to the Working Group of Experts on People of African Descent , which completed the membership of the Working Group ,
 Some 24-30 per cent of Palestinian households live in housing units with one-two rooms , while 40-50 per cent occupy dwellings of four or more rooms . Urban -LRB- non-camp -RRB- households reside in the largest dwellings -LRB- average of 3.5 rooms -RRB- ,   followed   by rural -LRB- non-camp -RRB- households -LRB- 3.3 rooms -RRB- , whilst camp dwellers live in the smallest houses -LRB- 3.1 rooms -RRB- . Urban households occupy the largest houses in terms of floor area -LRB- 123 m2 -RRB- , again followed by rural houses -LRB- 109 m2 -RRB- , with camp households having the least spacious dwellings -LRB- 103 m2 -RRB- .
 All ICAO standards were binding , unless a State filed what was termed a difference with ICAO , which would then inform all other States that a certain standard was not followed in the particular State . States that did not file differences were presumed to be   following   ICAO standards , although admittedly it was not possible to be certain to what extent they were complying . To address that problem , ICAO had begun undertaking audits to determine the status of implementation of certain of the safety-related annexes .
 Mr. Wilson -LRB- Caribbean Financial Action Task Force -RRB- said that the Caribbean Financial Action Task Force -LRB- CFATF -RRB- , established in 1992 , had considerable experience of monitoring compliance with international standards by its 29 members through its confidential mutual evaluation programme . A number of CFATF members had not only enacted effective anti-money-laundering legislation but were actively enforcing it , providing an example for others to   follow   . In order to achieve greater transparency the CFATF ministers had agreed to the publication of an annual report on the status of members ' infrastructure for combating money-laundering and terrorist financing .
 Recommendations of the Fifth Committee The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft resolutions : Draft resolution I Administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
 Affirms that the Office of the Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women is the competent authority for gender mainstreaming in the United Nations as a whole and is responsible for the formulation of policy as mandated by the intergovernmental bodies , and in this regard requests the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to establish a viable , effective mechanism for close coordination with the Special Adviser , ensuring that all plans of action on gender mainstreaming in peacekeeping operations are consistent with the existing mandates ; Stresses that the creation of a gender adviser in the Best Practices Unit of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations does not constitute a precedent to be   followed   by other departments and should not itself lead to the establishment of a gender unit in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations , and also stresses the importance of not duplicating functions and capacities that already exist elsewhere in the Secretariat ; Decides to review the establishment and the level of the post of gender adviser in the context of paragraph 14 of the present resolution ;
 Furthermore , a memorandum of understanding was signed in 2001 to establish a mechanism to implement the declaration 's provisions . I should also like to urge the two other countries concerned  the United Kingdom and Germany  to   follow   Italy 's lead by signing similar agreements with Libya to provide the technical and financial assistance needed to demine Libyan land  thereby removing the danger  and to pay the necessary compensation to the Libyan people for the damage and suffering caused by mines . Since 1981 , the Committee has considered an item entitled Strengthening of security and cooperation in the Mediterranean region .
 Assistance provided included participation in inter-agency assessment missions and design of strategies for prevention , preparedness and response where there had been reports of rape , kidnapping and violence against women and girls . In Uganda , WHO fielded a public health officer to address the health needs of internally displaced persons , including a large number of children believed to have been kidnapped and forced to   follow   rebel groups . In Liberia , WHO had implemented special programmes for abandoned children , households headed by women and rehabilitation of child soldiers .
 The Committee is also concerned about the legal consequences of conciliation between aggressor and victim in the pre-trial phase , which could work to the detriment of the latter . The Committee urges the State party , taking into account General Recommendation 19 on violence against women , to undertake practical measures to   follow   up and monitor the application of legislation , evaluating its effectiveness and making the appropriate adjustments , in particular so as to ensure that the legal consequences of conciliation provided for by law do not work to the detriment of the victim . The Committee observes with concern the lack of necessary sex education programmes and their dissemination and the resulting impact on the high rate of teenage pregnancy , in particular in rural areas , and on the increase in the spread of sexually transmitted diseases and HIV/AIDS .
 Regional programme Morocco actively participates in the regional programme initiated by the FAO Regional Office for the Near East , located in Cairo , mainly through the   following   activities : -LRB- a -RRB- Preparation of a regional plan for gender equality in development , through a range of seminars on policies and strategies for integrating gender in agricultural and rural development policies ;
 Requests the Secretary-General to provide the International Law Seminar with adequate services , including interpretation , as required , and encourages him to continue considering ways to improve the structure and content of the Seminar ; Also requests the Secretary-General to forward to the International Law Commission , for its attention , the records of the debate on the report of the Commission at the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly , together with such written statements as delegations may circulate in conjunction with their oral statements , and to prepare and distribute a topical summary of the debate ,   following   established practice ; Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States , as soon as possible after the conclusion of the session of the International Law Commission , chapter II of its report containing a summary of the work of that session , chapter III containing the specific issues on which the views of Governments would be of particular interest to the Commission and the draft articles adopted on either first or second reading by the Commission ;
 until an internationally recognized , representative government of Iraq is in a position to make its own determination as to whether such contracts shall be fulfilled. -LRB- resolution 1483 -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , para. 16 -LRB- b -RRB- -RRB- Based on the essential needs of the Iraqi people , as identified by the United Nations in coordination with the CPA and the relevant Iraqi authorities , and   following   my recommendation , the Committee established pursuant to resolution 661 -LRB- 1990 -RRB- approved , on an exceptional basis , 13 projects for the procurement of items , with a total value of $ 459 million , not covered by approved and funded or unfunded contracts . As of 27 October 2003 , 100 contracts worth $ 69 million were submitted and approved under these projects in the health sector  $ 18 million ; agriculture  $ 25.6 million ; and education  $ 15.3 million .
 The Integrated Monitoring Programme on the Acidification of Chinese Terrestrial Systems28 has been operational since the year 2000 , but the continuation of the programme is uncertain due to a lack of funds . Five monitoring sites have been established in Chinese forests ,   following   the standards of the International Cooperative Programme . Forest health in a broader context : emerging issues
 Nevertheless , more than ever before , it is required to turn over a new leaf to adapt to the new requirements of a world in constant change and to finalize in a resolute and determined manner the process of reform under way . During the general debate over the last two weeks , the overwhelming majority of Member States renewed their commitment to multilateralism and forcefully stressed the need to   follow   up on the commitments contained in section VIII of the Millennium Declaration covering the strengthening of the United Nations . The effective implementation of reforms is essential if we want the United Nations to become a more efficient , consistent , dynamic organization that will continue to play the role of catalyst for change and serve as a forum for dialogue and specific action .
 I think this is the message that should be sent out from this session of the Disarmament Commission . The Chairman : I appreciate the representative of Pakistan 's kind words to me and the co-Chairmen of the Working Groups , because members know how closely we   followed   their activities . In a sense , we drank the same coffee and ate the same meals .
 It will provide substantive services to the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples and monitor the relevant resolutions and decisions of the General Assembly . It   follows   developments in the remaining 16 Non-Self-Governing Territories and prepares working papers and other materials , including those related to the seminars and visiting missions , in order to facilitate the work of the Committee . Table 3.19 Objectives for the biennium , expected accomplishments , indicators of achievement and performance measures
 OIOS therefore needed to refine its workload assessment method , including the criteria for determining which cases should be investigated . With regard to the need for military experts , OIOS could   follow   the approach adopted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and make use of outside expertise on an ad hoc basis . Concerning the report of OIOS on the audit of the policies and procedures for recruiting staff for the Department of Peacekeeping Operations -LRB- A/57/224 -RRB- , the audit had found that the time frame for recruiting professional staff was far too long .
 Trend of reduced childbirths in young age groups -LRB- under 20 years of age -RRB- and increased childbirths among women older than 35 years of age is characteristic for developed countries , and is also encountered in Croatia . According to the age of the mother most often are childbirths in age group 25 - 29 -LRB- 90 childbirths on 1 , 000 women of that age -RRB- ,   followed   by the age group 20-24 -LRB- 69 childbirths on 1 , 000 women -RRB- , and than age group 30-34 . The biggest number is that of registered first time childbirths -LRB- 47 % -RRB- , than second childbirths , than third childbirths and so on .
 The Committee focused its deliberations on reports submitted by Member States on their implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and has moved on to stage B in its deliberations on a number of countries . At the same time the Committee is continuing to intensify its efforts in providing assistance to the fight against terrorism and encouraging its experts to actively engage Governments of Member States to learn about the difficulties they experience in implementing the resolution and the assistance they need , and to   follow   up on the provision of assistance . On 7 October , the Committee , in conjunction with the Inter-American Committee against Terrorism of the Organization of American States , organized a second special meeting with national regional and subregional organizations , thereby further enhancing the communication and cooperation among various organizations in the fight against terrorism .
 Underlying principles of the recovery policy The   following   are key areas of consensus on the underlying principles of the recovery policy : -LRB- a -RRB- Other resources programmes should be channelled to priority areas approved in the medium-term strategic plan -LRB- MTSP -RRB- ;
 That section additionally draws on background material provided by the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland as technical assistance with the preparation of the report.8  Following   suggestions made by States Parties at their informal meeting in 2002 , the report is arranged according to themes and the results of the survey appear as far as possible in the form of tables annexed to the report . Procedurally , the relatively small number of responses to the survey suggests scope to improve the preparation process for reports such as this in the future .
 Activities of the Working Group during 2003 Throughout the year , the members of the Working Group have   followed   with concern the difficulties experienced by the Agency and , in particular , the serious financial situation it continued to face . The Working Group held three meetings , on 10 September and 17 and 20 October 2003 , to consider the recent developments in the Agency 's financial situation and to prepare its report to the General Assembly .
 It may be desirable to link the issue of authorization for new lending to the damage that may occur or the benefit that is likely to be provided as a result of the provision of new finance . A number of insolvency laws permit the insolvency representative to determine that new money is required for the continued operation or survival of the business or the preservation or enhancement of the value of the estate and provide that the insolvency representative -LRB- or a debtor-in-possession where that approach is   followed   -RRB- can obtain unsecured credit without approval by the court or by creditors , while other laws require approval by the court or creditors in certain circumstances . Given that new finance may be required on a fairly urgent basis to ensure the continuity of the business , it is desirable that the number of authorizations required be kept to a minimum , although clearly an insolvency law may take a hierarchical approach , depending upon the security or priority to be provided .
 Ranking of claims -LRB- 174 -RRB- The law should specify that claims other than secured claims , are ranked in the   following   order : -LRB- a -RRB- Administrative costs and expenses ;
 The 1969 and 1986 Vienna Conventions were silent as to the procedure for the withdrawal of reservations , and the purpose of the guideline was to repair that omission . In that regard , the Commission had closely   followed   the provisions of article 7 of the Vienna Conventions . Any of the authorities competent to formulate a reservation on behalf of a State could also withdraw it .
 PSD 's target is to generate $ 69.0 million net operating income by 2006 , with $ 155.0 million gross proceeds and 136.0 million cards sold. This translates into an average growth of 6 per cent in gross proceeds , 10 per cent in net operating income and 2 per cent in cards sales volume . As shown in the table and graph below , in 2006 the sale of greeting cards is expected to continue to represent the main source of gross proceeds , at $ 124.0 million -LRB- 80 per cent of total gross proceeds -RRB- ,   followed   by gifts , expected to deliver $ 31.0 million gross proceeds -LRB- 20 per cent of total gross proceeds -RRB- . Licensing , estimated at $ 5.7 million by 2006 , will also start to contribute to the overall mix , bringing the total net operating income from cards and gifts to $ 69.0 million .
 However , the Working Group may wish to consider whether , in the context of the preliminary draft convention , it would be appropriate to offer the parties such a right even in the absence of other connecting factors . This provision   follows   an exclusion contained in article 2 , subparagraph -LRB- a -RRB- of the United Nations Sales Convention , and in most instruments prepared by UNCITRAL . It reflects the initial understanding of the Working Group that the future instrument should not focus on consumer transactions -LRB- A/CN.9/527 , paras .
 The draft paragraph is intended to reflect an opinion shared by many delegations participating at the thirty-eighth session of the Working Group that , when dealing with the location of the parties , the Working Group should take care to avoid devising rules that would result in any given party being considered as having its place of business in one country when contracting electronically and in another country when contracting by more traditional means -LRB- A/CN.9/484 , para . The draft paragraph   follows   the solution proposed in paragraph 19 of the preamble to Directive 2000/31/EC of the European Union . The phrase within square brackets is intended to deal only with so-called virtual companies and not with natural persons , who are covered by the rule contained in draft paragraph 3 .
 Given the broad scope of the draft convention , which now covers all electronic communications and not only contract formation , the Working Group may wish to consider whether additional specific exclusions would be needed . Except for draft paragraph 4 , the rules contained in this draft article are based on article 15 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce , with some adjustments to harmonize the style of the individual provisions with the style used elsewhere in the draft convention , which   follows   more closely the style of the United Nations Sales Convention . This draft paragraph deals with cases where both the originator and the addressee use the same communication system .
 6.2.2.1.2 Amend the end of the sentence before the table as follows : `` and test of UN tubes , except that inspection requirements related to the conformity assessment system and approval shall be in accordance with 6.2.2.5 : '' . 6.2.2.1.3 Amend the end of the sentence before the table as   follows   : ``  and test of UN acetylene cylinders , except that inspection requirements related to the conformity assessment system and approval shall be in accordance with 6.2.2.5 : '' . 6.2.2.4 Add the following standard to the table :
 6.2.2.1.3 Amend the end of the sentence before the table as follows : ``  and test of UN acetylene cylinders , except that inspection requirements related to the conformity assessment system and approval shall be in accordance with 6.2.2.5 : '' . 6.2.2.4 Add the   following   standard to the table : 6.2.2.5 In the title , insert `` for manufacture '' after `` approval '' .
 The Danube was of special importance in the development of the European law on international rivers . The European Danube Commission established by the Peace Treaty of Paris of 1856 regulated through international cooperation the navigation on the Danube and set the examples for other river commissions to   follow   . The development of international law on rivers was at first almost totally concerned with the rights of free navigation .
 Opening of the session The President of the Executive Board remarked that since the January session , he had the opportunity to   follow   UNICEF activities more closely , with the assistance of the Executive Director and many secretariat colleagues , in particular the Secretary of Executive Board . He was still impressed by the quality of the work and motivation of UNICEF staff .
 The CPDs emphasized the relationship between the UNICEF country programmes and the UNDAFs , particularly those for Benin and Niger , which were pilot cases for harmonizing the programming processes of the UNDG members . Commenting on the draft CPD for Benin , the representative of the country focused on child trafficking and the eradication of female genital mutilation -LRB- FGM -RRB- , saying that the Government had recently adopted additional reinforcement laws which were to be   followed   by drastic measures to eliminate these child rights violations . Other speakers also commented on child labour and child trafficking , highlighting the need to work with such partners as the International Labour Organization , the European Union and the United States Agency for International Development -LRB- USAID -RRB- .
 Please explain how those proposed provisions would meet the requirements of paragraph 1 of the Resolution. Please provide an indication of the timeframe within which the proposed legislation will enter into force . Brazil is in full compliance with the recommendations of the Group of Egmont and   follows   the Forty Recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering -LRB- FATF -RRB- concerning the subject . In addition to PLS-117/2002 and to the provisions of Act 7.170/83 Brazil is analyzing the following measures to fully implement the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism :
 A continuing , strong international commitment to the road map-based process is imperative . A strong and determined Quartet can play a vital role , closely   following   road map implementation through reports of monitors and making an extra effort where it detects problems or deficiencies . But , ultimately , Israel 's security can only be achieved through a just and lasting settlement negotiated between the parties .
 It is also a violation of international law . We therefore call for an end to the ongoing construction of the wall , especially along areas that do not   follow   the Green Line . According to many available reports , the wall is causing much inconvenience and disruption to thousands of Palestinians who are being separated from families , schools , hospitals , places of employment and agricultural fields .
 On a human level , the circumstances are most sad , because the brotherly Palestinian people have been deprived of their lands , homes and incomes . Tunisia has   followed   with concern reports from various quarters , official and unofficial , on the Israeli Government 's construction of a separation wall that cuts into land beyond the 1967 borders . This is a flagrant violation of international law , the Fourth Geneva Convention in particular , as it constitutes the confiscation of occupied land and restricts the freedom of movement of the Palestinians .
 We are fully ready to cooperate with the delegation of the Russian Federation here at the United Nations regarding the idea put forward by the Russian Foreign Minister Mr. Ivanov , at the Quartet meeting . We hope , of course , that this will take place after the Council has been able to take a clear stand regarding the expansionist wall , so that there will be concrete meaning for the steps that   follow   . Secondly , we would like to express our appreciation to the sponsors of the draft resolution submitted to the Council today -LRB- S/2003/980 -RRB- .
 1. The time of dispatch of a data message is deemed to be the time when the data message enters an information system outside the control of the originator or of the person who sent the data message on behalf of the originator . 2. The time of receipt of a data message is determined as   follows   :  -LRB- a -RRB- If the addressee has designated an information system for the purpose of receiving data messages , the data message is deemed to be received at the time when it enters the designated information system ;
 Each round table will include three representatives of civil society and three representatives of the private sector . Their distribution in the round tables will   follow   the practice used at the International Conference on Financing for Development . Documentation
 The UNHCR emergency response capacity was tested on several occasions during the past two years , notably in West Africa in 2001 , with some 80 , 000 refugees fleeing Liberia and the Central African region ; in South-eastern Europe , where some 90 , 000 refugees fled the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia in 2001 ; and in countries bordering Afghanistan in the autumn of 2001 , with over 200 , 000 Afghans reaching Pakistan . At the end of 2001 , South-west Asia hosted the largest refugee population -LRB- 40 per cent -RRB- ,   followed   by Africa -LRB- 26 per cent -RRB- and Europe -LRB- 17 per cent -RRB- . In an effort to deal with such complex challenges to refugee protection , UNHCR launched a series of Global Consultations on International Protection during the period 2001-2002 .
 As Members are well aware , through the 15 June North-South Joint Declaration , North and South Korea pledged themselves to promoting national reconciliation and the process of reunification by the Korean people themselves . I wish to base myself on that joint statement in appealing to the South Korean authorities to cooperate with the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , their fellow countrymen , and to refrain from   following   the foreign force . If South Korea sincerely wants a peaceful resolution of the nuclear issue , as well as national reconciliation and reunification , it would be well advised to urge the United States to give up its hostile policy towards the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and to respond positively to the proposal set out by our side aimed at a peaceful resolution of the nuclear issue .
 We , together with all our fellow countrymen , will not remain mere onlookers with respect to the serious developments in South Korea . If South Korea wants peace and stability on the Korean peninsula and genuine reunification of the country , it should approach the nuclear issue fairly and impartially , and not   follow   the unilateral assertion of the United States . It should encourage the conclusion of a non-aggression treaty between the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and the United States as the best way to resolve the problem created on the peninsula .
 The recent intention to lower the nuclear threshold by removing internal barriers regarding the use of nuclear weapons , even as a possibility , has served particularly to deteriorate the situation . It has also served to increase the likelihood that other nuclear-weapon States will   follow   suit to lower their own thresholds and employ nuclear weapons in situations where they simply need a stronger military punch . That may simply have a domino effect with regard to first-use of nuclear weapons by nuclear-weapon States .
 In that regard , we welcome the recent accession of Cuba to the NPT . We hope that others will   follow   suit . One of the important steps to be taken before achieving a world free from nuclear weapons is to establish nuclear-weapon-free zones .
 Once again , we reiterate my country 's support for the two Tribunals . Like previous speakers , the French delegation has closely   followed   the implementation of the completion strategy as developed by the two Tribunals and supported by our Council , most recently in resolution 1503 -LRB- 2003 -RRB- . It is , of course , clear that it is important for all of the players involved  the organs of the two Tribunals , the judges , the prosecutors , the registrars and , above all , the States of the regions concerned  to mobilize themselves with regard to arrests , transfers , cooperation , witnesses and evidence .
 We are ready to continue to cooperate closely with the ICTY in conducting such trials . Under existing Croatian legislation , ICTY representatives are entitled to   follow   the proceedings and to have access to Court files , while evidentiary material obtained by the ICTY can be used directly in domestic trials . A readiness for broader , transparent international monitoring of war crimes trials has been indicated .
 The Special Rapporteur also indicated his intention to meet with the representatives of the United Nations agencies accredited in the country and continue his cooperation with the Resident Representative of the United Nations Development Programme and the UNICEF Programme Director . As far as the substance of his visit was concerned , he mentioned that he would   follow   up on the various issues raised during his initial visit and in his last reports to the Commission on Human Rights and to the General Assembly , and would focus on specific civil and political rights in relation to freedom of expression , the right to peaceful assembly and association , the right to take part in public affairs , and to the protection of the rights of minorities . He would also study in depth a number of economic and social rights , including the unintended effects of the embargo .
 Can suspect funds be frozen ? If the answer to the previous question is in the affirmative , what procedures should be   follow   ? Is an obligation to report suspicious transactions imposed on financial intermediaries , such as real estate agents , lawyers and accountants ?
 -LRB- b -RRB- Developments in the travel industry , including but not limited to price changes , reductions in airline commissions , discounts offered by airlines and changes in services offered by airlines , do not negatively affect the scope of services ; -LRB- c -RRB- Client organizational units and other clients will be supportive of the efforts to make services more efficient and cost-effective and will   follow   the established rules and procedures ; -LRB- d -RRB- Delegates , staff and visitors will comply with fire and safety regulations .
 The Committee is of the opinion that this plan should have constituted the framework for reporting . Moreover , the Committee recommends that , in future , where such plans exist , they be used or   followed   in preparing budget documents . Furthermore , the analysis of variances in the resources apportioned or spent were found , in many cases , to be general statements , and the supplementary material provided to the Advisory Committee lacked further elaboration or justification , delaying its examination of the report owing to the need for further clarification .
 BDP acts as secretariat to the standing committee . Management arrangements   follow   from and elaborate on the relevant text contained in the `Operational aspects ' section of each TTF document . The programme teams , comprising members of BDP and the respective regional bureaux , with the delegated authority of the standing committee , together give final approval on resource allocations .
 They are complementary to the road map . They should be welcomed because they are   following   paths identical to those outlined in previous peace plans and because they are brave attempts by Israeli and Palestinian civil society to show that a peace dialogue is possible to resolve the current deadlock . It is imperative that the parties resume negotiations and that all people of good will  whether or not they occupy official positions  get down to this task and bring to it all their determination , intelligence and imagination to achieve the vision of two States , Israel and the future Palestinian State , living side by side in peace .
 To conclude , let me say that Belgium favours the participation of non-governmental organizations in our work . As far as procedure is concerned , we could be inspired by the rules   followed   in the United Nations , in particular those used for the Conference on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects , held in New York in 2001 . These were the ones selected by the president designate of the 2003 Conference , our Japanese colleague Ambassador Inoguchi , to whom I wish every success in New York , and they should be acceptable to us all .
 We have almost daily difficulties in differentiating how we deal with procedural technical matters , practical matters or real substance . Although those are some of the distinctions , however , we always have the obligation to   follow   the rule of consensus . This means all 65 of us , at least in principle and on the basis of the rules of procedure .
 Moreover , these guarantees are necessary for the smooth functioning of international cooperation in criminal matters . In order to determine unwillingness in a particular case , the Court shall consider , having regard to the principles of due process recognized by international law , whether one or more of the   following   exist , as applicable :  -LRB- a -RRB- The proceedings were or are being undertaken or the national decision was made for the purpose of shielding the person concerned from criminal responsibility for crimes within the jurisdiction of the Court referred to in article 5 ;
 Nearly two thirds of these are of global scope ; the remaining third have a regional or subregional focus . Overall , Africa , Asia and small island developing States are the regions and group of countries with the highest number of partnerships ,   followed   by Latin America , with few in Eastern and Central Europe.11 Nearly two thirds of the partnerships have funding , either to carry out initial phases or for the entire period of the partnership .
 -LRB- c -RRB- Monitoring the progress made in women-related activities of the Commission secretariat ; -LRB- d -RRB-   Following   up global and regional conferences and the participation of member countries therein and coordinating the endeavours of member countries and regional organizations with regard to implementation of the resolutions and recommendations adopted at such conferences ; -LRB- e -RRB- Coordinating action at the regional level towards the adoption of unified positions on the issue at international gatherings and in follow-up to the performance by member countries of the undertakings to which they made a commitment in human rights instruments concerning women ;
 Requests the Executive Secretary of the Commission to establish a women 's centre within the secretariat of the Commission with responsibility for acting as the secretariat of the Committee on Women ; Also requests the Executive Secretary to   follow   up implementation of this resolution and to submit a report on the matter to the Commission at its twenty-third session . Matters brought to the attention of the Council
 Work has already been done in the area of dependency benefits , and a report on amendments to the Staff Regulations and Staff Rules will be submitted to the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly recommending the removal of the requirement that staff submit dependency allowance applications annually and in writing . The Department of Management should issue an administrative instruction to introduce the   following   changes to the procedure for finalizing travel that did not deviate from the authorized itinerary : -LRB- a -RRB- The programme manager should be authorized to approve valid travel completed for values up to the specified limit of his/her authority ;
 The Panel draws on its experience in the region and expertise to evaluate information collected in an objective and fair manner . During the course of its work , the Panel has closely   followed   the evolution of the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo . The Lusaka Ceasefire Agreement of 1999 -LRB- S/1999/815 , annex -RRB- has served as an important point of reference .
 That position was reiterated during the second reading of the draft text , at the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee . Subparagraphs -LRB- w -RRB- - -LRB- y -RRB- were previously included in article 63 and were moved here   following   a decision of the Ad Hoc Committee at its fourth session . During the first reading of the draft text , at the second session of the Ad Hoc Committee , many delegations held the view that subparagraphs -LRB- x -RRB- and -LRB- y -RRB- should be deleted , as they were unnecessary .
 Some delegations also wished to see a system that would involve civil society . Most delegations were of the view that the system devised for the implementation of the Organized Crime Convention , with the establishment of a Conference of the Parties and the formulation of a sufficiently general mandate for that body , constituted a good model to   follow   . For a number of delegations , it would be worthwhile to explore to what extent some departures from the Organized Crime Convention would be justifiable owing to the different nature of this convention .
 1.4 The proposed amendments to the Penal Code and other laws will incorporate specific provisions against terrorist financing and the power to not only freeze but also extinguish the ownership rights to funds , financial assets or economic resources of persons who commit or attempt to commit or facilitate or participate in acts of terrorism , including persons or entities acting on their behalf . The proposed amendments to the Penal Code read as   follows   : Article     .
 a Nacala Development Corridor , total investment . According to the survey , the most popular option in public-private partnerships is the build-operate-transfer -LRB- BOT -RRB- concession , which accounts for 40 per cent of private sector participation in African ports ,   followed   by management contracts -LRB- 25.3 per cent -RRB- and privatization -LRB- 22.7 per cent -RRB- . Only 9 per cent of ports have opted to lease their equipment to operators .
 All the ports in the above table have a container terminal and individual container traffic in excess of 100 , 000 TEU annually , except for Maputo . According to the survey , where services are concerned , private operators have a 24 per cent involvement in the Miscellaneous column -LRB- cargo handling , forklift trucks , oil terminals , etc. -RRB- , 21.3 per cent in activities relating to bulk terminals ,   followed   by container terminals which account for 17.3 per cent of the total . Of the group of ports which replied to the survey 59 per cent have a container terminal , while 88 per cent of ports cooperating with the private sector are equipped with a container terminal .
 Unilateral and multilateral economic sanctions could be an effective means to achieve legitimate foreign policy objectives . The United States of America was not alone in holding that view or in   following   that practice . The Charter of the United Nations itself provided for the use of sanctions to change the behaviour of those who would challenge or would seek to undermine international norms .
 The intensification of the armed conflict in north-eastern Liberia has led to the displacement of many Liberians and to cross-border demographic movement of civilians and combatants into Sierra Leone .  Following   the recommendations of this Task Force , the Government on 18 October 2002 commissioned the setting up of the Mape Internment Camp , near Lungi , with a capacity to accommodate 200 internees . The camp is run by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and , as at January 2003 , held 62 individuals including members of both AFL and LURD .
 E. Activities by which proposals would be implemented With due regard to the institutional and financial limitations placed upon the Institute , the   following   objectives and related activities have been formulated for 2004 : -LRB- a -RRB- Establish a secure and sustainable financial base for INSTRAW and re-establish its visibility through the implementation of an intense fund-raising strategy .
 Many speakers expressed appreciation for advances made by the funds and programmes in the area of joint programming , although some indicated that joint programming should be pursued where it is appropriate , and in close consultation with the Government . Referring to a recent decision by the UNICEF Executive Board on joint programming , speakers suggested that other UNDG Executive Committee agencies should   follow   up on the issue . The issue of resource mobilization was raised by several speakers , with a number of them encouraging the pooling of resources and integrated budgeting .
 It facilitated and encouraged dialogue on judicial reform matters between NGOs and the Government , and between NGOs and the Working Group on Good Governance of the Consultative Group of Donors . The Office continued to   follow   and comment on the process of judicial reform , including the need for adequate resources and a separate budget for the judiciary , and the urgency of adopting priority legislation , for example for structural reforms of the Supreme Council of Magistracy , the Law on the Status of Judges and Prosecutors , and the Law on the Organization and Functioning of Adjudicate Courts . The problem of the shortage of lawyers remained a matter of pressing concern in a country of over 12 million people , where less than 200 of the 300 registered lawyers are in practice , and where many of the 24 courts have no lawyers representing cases in court .
 The second provides support to Human Rights Vigilance of Cambodia to protect and promote minority and indigenous peoples ' rights in four provinces . OHCHR/Cambodia will carefully   follow   the implementation of the ACT and NGO Support Projects and provide assistance , where appropriate . At the time of writing , monitoring guidelines on the implementation of the NGO Support Project were being developed by the Office .
 Elections OHCHR/Cambodia continued to   follow   up on issues arising from the commune councils elections in February 2002 and has provided input to the preparations for the National Assembly elections scheduled for July 2003 . other forms of violence and intimidation against party activists following the elections .
 A total of 27 presentations were delivered in six thematic sessions and 14 presentations were delivered in the open session covering all aspects of the current use of space technology for disaster management . Three discussion panels were held on the   following   topics : Space technology and disaster management : a vision for Europe ; Current trends in the development of space technology and the importance for disaster management ; and Strengthening the institutional aspects of space technology and disaster management . Four discussion sessions enabled further deliberation on the main topics that subsequently formed the framework of a proposed plan of action and the definition of the steps forward .
 My delegation is confident that you , Sir , will , at this critical juncture , lead the work of the Council with your well-known skills and competence . My delegation , like others ,   followed   attentively the Council meeting held on 7 March and noted the degree of progress made in the process of inspections for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq , as stated in the reports presented by Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei . We are , accordingly , all the more convinced of the effectiveness of this approach , which all agree is the best one to put an end to the current crisis .
 Many States , particularly the least developed countries , would fail to achieve the Millennium development goals without increased development assistance . The European Union was already providing the highest level of official development assistance ; it planned to reach the agreed target of 0.7 per cent and urged other donors to   follow   its lead . The Union was committed to reaching an average level of 0.39 per cent by 2006 .
 It was particularly gratifying that the issues before the Special Committee were now of concern to the entire international community and all levels of society , from academic circles to grass-root organizations . He paid tribute to the United Kingdom , the first administering Power ever to send a very high-level representative to a regional seminar held in a Non-Self-Governing Territory , and hoped that other administering Powers would   follow   suit . It was extremely vital that the next Pacific regional seminar should be held in a Non-Self-Governing Territory in the Pacific .
 The Committee for Equal Opportunities and the Network Against Violence advocated a domestic violence bill . Ms. Khan asked whether men and women had genuinely equal inheritance rights , and whether Muslim customary law was   followed   in connection with inheritance . Ms. Schpp-Schilling asked whether there was a timetable for the introduction of a law on domestic violence , and whether there was collaboration with the Ministry of Justice on the matter .
 Coming to the question of where we are , we have to address rather simply the undertakings that were given by the developed and the developing countries . The developed countries indicated that they would   follow   the actions of the developing countries . If the developing countries addressed the questions of strengthening capacity , strengthening the legal , judicial and financial systems , and fighting corruption , all of which were undertakings that were given in Monterrey and reaffirmed , in the case of Africa , in the New Partnership for Africa 's Development -LRB- NEPAD -RRB- , in return , the wealthy countries indicated that they would assist in capacity-building , provide additional development assistance and open their markets for trade .
 Reinforces free zones through transfer of technologies in agreement between user companies ; In the area of investment , assists free zone managements in   following   the best management practices , advises and guides new and emerging free zones , trains staff and provides ad hoc assistance ; Maintains its own database and provides access to other international databases and publishes periodical information bulletins ;
 There is an urgent need for training in outer space technologies and in the challenges of outer space policy . In the light of its cultural mandate , UNESCO might identity different players involved all over the world in the field of outer space culture. The ESA example of sponsoring European universities to hold summer courses on outer space policy and law deserves to be   followed   . With regards to the wide diversity of cultural contexts , outer space agencies should be committed to networking operations based on electronic forums between the originators of outer space policy , political decision-makers and the segments of public opinion , which take an interest in outer space activities .
 In this regard they also expressed their strong rejection of attempts by any Member State to use the International Atomic Energy Agency 's -LRB- IAEA -RRB- technical co-operation programme as a tool for political purposes in violation of the IAEA 's Statute . The Heads of State or Government regretted unsubstantiated allegations of non-compliance with relevant instruments on Weapons of Mass Destruction and called on States Parties to such instruments that make such allegations to   follow   the procedures set out in those instruments and to provide the necessary substantiation for their allegations . The Heads of State or Government of the States Parties to the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention -LRB- BWC -RRB- reaffirmed their conviction that the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development , Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological -LRB- biological -RRB- and Toxin Weapons and on their Destruction is essential for the maintenance of international and regional peace and security .
 Annex I The main purposes of the seminar were the   following   : List of working documents and country presentations :
 How could the Council allow itself to be manipulated  and it bears repeating , manipulated  in a matter regarding which the United States and United Kingdom could not obtain a resolution that legitimized the act of aggression . We hope that the Council will be able to stand up to the machinations that have originated with the United Kingdom and are being implemented by the United States , which can only deceive those who blindly   follow   those two countries . Mr. Mohd Isa -LRB- Malaysia -RRB- : Since this is the first time I am speaking in the Council as Chair of the Coordinating Bureau of the Non-Aligned Movement , let me congratulate you , Sir , on your assumption of the Presidency of the Security Council for the month and assure you of our full cooperation .
 It is ironic that the invading States are calling for the implementation of the Fourth Geneva Convention on prisoners of war in spite of the illegality of this war , even though these same States reject the implementation of the Convention on the Palestinians ' territory . The right of veto has been used by these States within the Security Council to block the adoption of a resolution calling for the occupying Israeli State to   follow   the Fourth Geneva Convention and to protect the Palestinians from daily killings . We point out that 11 Council members were opposed to military action ; 116 Non-Aligned Movement countries and 57 countries from the Organization of the Islamic Conference were all opposed to the use of force , because it represented a threat to their States and to international peace and security .
 Prospects for agricultural development are limited owing to the small amount of land suitable for cultivation . The largest trading partner of American Samoa is the United States ,   followed   by New Zealand , Australia and Fiji . Imports are mainly food -LRB- 22 per cent -RRB- and petroleum products -LRB- 17 per cent -RRB- , machine parts , building materials , textiles and clothing ; canned tuna accounts for 97 per cent of exports .
 Expressing concern that there is still only one female special representative of the Secretary-General , Welcoming the work of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations of the Secretariat in issuing guidance for field missions on the procedures to be   followed   for handling disciplinary issues and allegations of serious misconduct involving mission personnel , and encouraged by the agreement in the Staff-Management Coordination Committee that the procedure for dealing with all forms of sexual harassment will be reviewed and incorporated in a new administrative instruction covering all forms of harassment , Welcoming also the new flexible working arrangements authorized in all departments and offices of the Secretariat ,
 During the past few months the construction of the Wall , separating Israel from the West Bank , has been frenetically pursued . The Wall does not   follow   the Green Line , which marks the de facto boundary between Israel and Palestine . Instead , it incorporates substantial areas of the West Bank into Israel .
 Expenditure in 2002 totalled some US $ 926.4 million as shown in the table at the end of this report . Broken down by region and type of assistance , expenditure in 2002 was highest in Africa -LRB- some US $ 315.1 million -RRB-   followed   by Central Asia , South-West Asia , North Africa and the Middle East -LRB- some US $ 248.6 million -RRB- . In terms of assistance , the largest share was for durable solutions -LRB- 32 per cent -RRB- , an appreciable increase compared with that of 2001 .
 In the view of his delegation , it was better to comply with the Vienna Declaration and introduce national plans of action than to publish a world report or a litany of criticisms of Member States ' practices . His Government , in close partnership with other stakeholders , discussed national programmes ,   following   which the responsibilities for human rights promotion and protection were assigned . Human rights education was promoted at all educational levels throughout the country .
 The results are indeed very encouraging . In fact , since the implementation of the project over three years ago , 32 HIV-infected pregnant women and their babies have been   followed   up and none of the babies has been infected . In Mauritius we also strongly believe that , along with prevention , care , support and treatment should be integrated in a comprehensive and holistic package when dealing with HIV/AIDS .
 Lithuania 's reported HIV infection rates are among the lowest in Europe .  Following   the recommendations of the United Nations and World Health Organization , the national AIDS prevention programmes , which are part of priority national public health programmes , have been developed and approved by the Government . We appreciate the partnership with the United Nations Theme Group on HIV/AIDS and especially the United Nations Development Programme in Lithuania in developing a national multisectoral HIV/AIDS prevention strategy .
 These organizations would protect the rights of sex workers and also ensure their health and safety . This trade union model has emerged over the last few decades especially in countries where the regulationist model is   followed   . Both the regulationist model and the rights model challenged the basic assumption of the mainstream abolitionist framework that saw prostitution as legitimate sex work .
 See E/CN.4/2003/75/Add.1 for a detailed review of international and regional developments and country profiles containing details of national initiatives taken to eliminate violence against women . Inter alia , the   following   individuals/organizations submitted useful contributions : Working Group on Women and Armed Conflict-Colombia , European Women 's Lobby -LRB- EWL -RRB- , CLADEM , Asia Pacific Women , Law and Development -LRB- APWLD -RRB- , Ain o Salish Kendra -LRB- ASK -RRB- , Anu Pillay , John Darcy , International Planned Parenthood Federation , Amnesty International , OMCT , UNFPA , WHO , and DPKO . The Special Rapporteur would like to thank , and acknowledge the briefing papers prepared for this report by Saama Rajakaruna , Elodie Moser , Rossana Favero , Florence Butegwa , Elizabeth Abi-Mershed , Katy Barnett , Brindusa Nicolau , Deena Hurwitz , and Rebecca Cook .
 He has also collaborated with the Committee on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights during its examination of the report of Brazil under the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights . At the same time as monitoring allegations of violations , the Special Rapporteur has also   followed   positive developments with respect to the right to food in different national contexts , including developments in Brazil 's programme Fome Zero -LRB- Zero Hunger -RRB- and new developments in Sierra Leone . In following up on his mission to Brazil , the Special Rapporteur has maintained particularly close contacts with the Brazilian authorities .
 Special conferences The General Committee may wish to draw the attention of the General Assembly to the   following   :  The Committee recommends that the General Assembly should instruct the Main Committees to review the number of special conferences of the United Nations already proposed and scheduled in their respective fields of activity prior to deciding upon the scheduling of new and additional special conferences , thus bearing in mind the relevant portions of General Assembly resolution 33/55. -LRB- recommendation 6 of the Committee on Conferences , adopted by the Assembly in decision 34/405 of 1 November 1979 , para. -LRB- b -RRB- -RRB- .
 Paragraph 2 It was pointed out that the draft paragraph   followed   a similar rule contained in article 1 , paragraph 2 , of the United Nations Sales Convention , which applied to international contracts if both parties were located in Contracting States of the Convention , but not when such a situation was not apparent either from the contract or from the dealings between the parties . In those cases , the United Nations Sales Convention gave way to the application of domestic law .
 The discussion focused initially on the general structure of the draft article as reflected in the two variants . It was recalled that , except for draft paragraph 4 , the rules contained in variant A were based on article 15 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce , with some adjustments to harmonize the style of the individual provisions with the style used elsewhere in the draft convention , which   followed   more closely the style of the United Nations Sales Convention . By contrast , variant B was intended to reflect a line of thought expressed during the thirty-ninth session of the Working Group that it would be preferable to replace paragraphs 2-5 of variant A with a shorter provision to the effect that a data message was deemed to be received if the message was capable of being retrieved and processed by the addressee -LRB- A/CN.9/509 , para .
 It is extremely encouraging to observe that the African countries are resolutely committed to attaining the goals that have been set and have taken promising steps in that direction . The report of the Secretary-General on the subject -LRB- A/58/254 -RRB-  and we welcome its comprehensive approach and simplicity of format , which were intended to make it easier to   follow   up support for NEPAD  sets out in a precise manner the obstacles encountered on the ground . It is clear that the lack of financial resources and the persistence of conflicts and endemic diseases that continue to decimate the human resources of the continent are major obstacles that weaken the capacity and development efforts of the African countries .
 Another subject related to so-called tax havens , namely the issue of cross-border taxation of saving accounts , including in offshore financial centres , has been discussed within the framework of the European Union since 1998 .  Following   the request of the Government of the United Kingdom , in October 2002 , that the Caribbean Overseas Territories provide details of all savings account holders registered in the Territories by 15 November , the Ministers of these British Non-Self-Governing Territories , including Turks and Caicos , held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands . Although the Territories reaffirmed their willingness to cooperate , they stressed the need for a fair , transparent and non-discriminatory approach to the problem.9
 Groups of older persons decide on what aspects of policies which affect them they want to monitor , how they will monitor them and how they will make sure that the outcomes reach the appropriate government officials . The Department of Economic and Social Affairs is   following   this initiative to illustrate lessons learned and best practices for Member States in the review and appraisal process of the Madrid Plan of Action . An expert group meeting will be organized by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs in cooperation with the Government of Malta and the International Institute on Ageing , in Valletta in November 2003 to explore further the review and appraisal of the Madrid Plan of Action , identify modalities for the bottom-up approach and coordinate with and involve intergovernmental organizations and civil society to the greatest extent possible .
 The fact that four out of the five best-performing municipalities were in Kosovo Serb majority municipalities is noteworthy . The most successful region was Mitrovica ,   followed   by Prizren , Pristina , Gnjilane and Pec . Compliance should be enhanced through implementation of the budget regulation for 2003 -LRB- UNMIK Regulation 2002/23 of 31 December 2002 -RRB- , which specified the legally required target percentages to be achieved , mandated quarterly reporting and provided for the enforcement of punitive actions in the event of non-compliance .
 Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteur with the assistance necessary for the execution of his mandate ; Recommends the   following   decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption : The Economic and Social Council , taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003 , endorses the Commission 's decision to renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living , and on the right to non-discrimination in this context , for a period of three years and requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the
 It also requested JIU , when appropriate , to provide in its reports information on estimated financial implications or possible cost savings resulting from implementation of the recommendations formulated therein . In the same resolution , the Assembly called upon JIU to   follow   up on the implementation of its recommendations and to include the relevant information regularly in its annual reports . Furthermore , in paragraph 5 -LRB- e -RRB- -LRB- iii -RRB- of its resolution 48/218 B , in which it established the Office of Internal Oversight Services , the Assembly decided that the Board of Auditors and JIU should be provided with copies of all final reports produced by the Office as well as the comments of the Secretary-General on them and shall provide the Assembly with their comments , as appropriate .
 -LRB- i -RRB- Keep the organization 's information management strategy and IT in alignment with its corporate business plan ; -LRB- ii -RRB- Ensure that information management policies and standards are strictly   followed   and that the IT infrastructure is well managed ; -LRB- iii -RRB- Ensure that key decision makers on both substantive and administrative matters have proper and timely information ;
 Its presentation has been made in a timely manner , at the beginning of our yearly session and responds to the growing impatience of all delegations here present , in the face of a deadlock of so many years and of many compelling developments in the international situation . Moreover , we attach great value to the explicit indication by the five ambassadors that their proposal is evolving in nature , is open to change , and does not , in listing the different items ,   follow   any strict order of priority among them . Building upon the collective wisdom of various and repeated attempts made over so many years and during so many presidencies to find a breakthrough in our proceedings , this latest initiative appears , even more than before , an open invitation to the main players to begin the real play .
 -LRB- c -RRB- The requirement to base public procurement decisions on objective and transparent reasons in order to facilitate the subsequent verification of the correct application of the rules ; -LRB- d -RRB- The availability in each State Party of an effective system of appeal to ensure legal recourse and remedies in the event that the rules established pursuant to this paragraph are not   followed   ; -LRB- e -RRB- Measures to regulate matters regarding personnel responsible for procurement , such as declaration of interest , screening procedures and training requirements .
 The Chairman has continued to send letters to various international organizations suggesting the specific areas where mutually beneficial cooperation can be established or strengthened . Furthermore , in order to ensure cooperation , experts have been designated to   follow   up on the activities of each of those organizations . The Chairman and the Committee 's experts will continue to establish contacts with organizations outside the United Nations system by attending regional meetings and conferences .
 Votes may accordingly be cast in any second or subsequent ballot for any eligible candidate who has not yet obtained an absolute majority . It is further suggested that ,   following   the practice in the election of the judges of the International Court of Justice , if more than 18 candidates obtain an absolute majority of votes in the first ballot , a second ballot will be held on all candidates and balloting will continue at the same meeting , if and as necessary , until 18 candidates , and no more , have obtained an absolute majority . May I take it that the Assembly agrees to the procedures I have just outlined ?
 10.3 In terms of the reference to the Special Rapporteur 's call for unequivocal guarantees , the complainant argues that the information on ill-treatment provided demonstrates that the guarantees have not been adequate , as called for by the Special Rapporteur . Thus , the complainant , who is closely linked to her husband ,   followed   his activities in exile and will be inevitably associated with his activities , is at a high and well-founded risk of torture . Her removal to Egypt would thus violate article 3 of the Convention .
 Simplicity and certainty considerations support the adoption of the same conflict-of-laws rule -LRB- e.g. the law of the grantor 's location -RRB- for both tangible and intangible property , especially if the same law applies to creation , publicity and priority .  Following   this approach , one single enquiry would suffice to ascertain the extent of the security rights encumbering all assets of a grantor . There would also be no need for guidance in the event of a change in the location of encumbered assets or to distinguish between the law applicable to possessory and non-possessory rights -LRB- and to determine which prevails in a case where a possessory security right governed by the law of State A competes with a non-possessory security right over the same property governed by the law of State B -RRB- .
 Fourthly , the Kimberley Process should be welcomed as a model of complementarity in action within the United Nations system in addressing a question that has a direct impact on international peace and security . Coordination between the Security Council and the General Assembly through this approach can set an example to be   followed   and promoted by all in endeavours undertaken by the United Nations system effectively and justly to address issues with technical , political , economic and humanitarian aspects and questions that impact international peace and security . Fifthly , the Process reflects the concept of State leadership in achieving , under United Nations auspices , the success of a mission that faced well-known political and technical difficulties in registering tangible and preliminary accomplishments and results .
 Organization of work In accordance with decisions taken at its opening meeting , the Legal Subcommittee organized its work as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- The Subcommittee re-established its Working Group on agenda item 4 , Status and application of the five United Nations treaties on outer space , open to all members of the Subcommittee , and agreed that Vassilios Cassapoglou -LRB- Greece -RRB- should serve as its Chairperson ;
 In other words , delegations will have a chance to make explanations regarding their positions or votes in a consolidated fashion on all of the draft resolutions contained in the specific cluster on which action will be taken . I intend , with the Committee 's full cooperation , to strictly   follow   that procedure in order to ensure the full and efficient utilization of the time and conference resources allocated to the Committee . Therefore , I appeal to all delegations to kindly observe the procedure and to avoid any interruptions once voting on a cluster begins .
 My understanding is that the United States will be providing you with an update on the work of this group and from that you will be able to see the very professional leadership being provided . The United States is setting a very high standard for other project groups to   follow   both in terms of efficient and economical process and substantive output ; Project 1.1 : Reuse of mobile phones .
 Table 28.26 Resource requirements This procedure of providing resources at this stage of preparation of the conferences is being   followed   in the light of guidance provided by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions -LRB- see A/56/6 , para . C. Programme support
 9.1 The Treasury is headed by a Chief who is accountable to the Assistant Secretary-General , Controller . 9.2 The core functions of the Treasury are as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- Ensuring the timely receipt and safe custody of cash resources ;
 Requests all States , including the administering Powers , to continue to extend their cooperation in the dissemination of information referred to in paragraph 2 above ; Requests the Special Committee to   follow   the implementation of the present resolution and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session . 73rd plenary meeting 11 December 2002
 d. There shall be added a new paragraph B -LRB- iv -RRB- as follows : -LRB- iv -RRB- In the event of replacement of a Field Liaison Officer , the Party making the replacement shall   follow   the procedure set forth in sub-paragraph -LRB- ii -RRB- above . 7 July 2003 Signed by the Commission :
 Ethiopia had introduced a value-added tax to improve domestic resource mobilization and established incentives to attract domestic and foreign investment . His delegation expressed its appreciation to the countries listed in paragraph 52 of the Secretary-General 's report -LRB- A/58/86 -RRB- that had devoted at least 0.2 per cent of gross national income to ODA for the LDCs and urged other Governments to   follow   their example . The Heavily Indebted Poor Countries -LRB- HIPC -RRB- Initiative , which had been seriously jeopardized by the loss of commodity export earnings , should be revitalized .
 The Court recognized that the agreement did not contain any clause expressly imposing an obligation to buy on the defendant . However , it   follows   from the general economic balance of the contractand from the particular stipulation with regard to the obligation to build up inventorythat the delivery obligation expressly contracted by the plaintiff entails an implicit obligation on the defendant to buy the goods that the plaintiff undertook to deliver . Moreover , the court noted that the obligation imposed on one party to deliver the goodsrather than merely to keep them availableimplies the prior agreement of the counterparty to receive the goods at the agreed price and , therefore , the counterparty 's undertaking to pay the price of the goods to be delivered .
 Evaluations of the Gujarat earthquake in 2001 have shown that when dealing with the immediate effects of the disaster , the fastest , most efficient and best-targeted response was delivered by a local organization , the Self-Employed Women 's Association , which was able to rely on local capacities directly involving beneficiaries.5 In this particular case , it seems apparent that a local response had the biggest immediate impact on the affected population for a number of reasons , including the fact that such organizations are present at and immediately   following   the occurrence of a catastrophe . Local organizations can also rely on their membership in the community to more quickly assess and address humanitarian needs .
 As the two previous speakers have done , I would add that the General Assembly is playing an important role in the work done by the United Nations in the area of mine action . Since 1998 , mine action has been regularly addressed ,   followed   up and expanded by the General Assembly . France welcomes the fact that the resolutions adopted in that regard , which have traditionally been introduced by the European Union , cover all the work done by the United Nations in the area of anti-personnel mines .
 In addition , no party may treat a locally established supplier less favourably than another locally established supplier on the basis of degree of foreign affiliation or ownership or discriminate against a locally established supplier on the basis that the goods or services offered by that supplier for the particular procurement are those of another party . Detailed and complex requirements are laid down for tender procedures to be   followed   by procuring entities , designed to ensure transparency and non-discrimination throughout the entire tender process . The preferred method of tendering under the chapter is open tendering .
 Report of the Secretary-General The present report is submitted in pursuance of General Assembly resolution 57/124 of 11 December 2002 , the operative part of which reads as   follows   : The General Assembly ,
 Thirdly , the reform process should be fully transparent and all States should have the right to know about all proposals . These proposals should be presented in a fair and equal manner , taking into account the ideas of small States and small delegations , which have difficulty   following   the sessions of the General Assembly and its many committees because of their frequency and the fact that they are held at the same time as other meetings . We call upon the President of the General Assembly , his successors and the Secretariat to follow closely the ideas of Member States and to help us crystallize all the ideas agreed upon in the area of reform of the General Assembly , particularly proposals concerning working methods and procedures .
 We have to ensure that the Assembly 's decisions and recommendations are followed up , complied with and implemented sincerely and wholeheartedly by all parties concerned . My delegation believes that we would be moving in the right direction if the sponsors of resolutions played a more responsible role in ensuring not only ownership , but also   follow   up , accountability and implementation . Obviously , there is a need in the revitalization exercise to examine the resolutions churned out by the General Assembly annually .
 The President : In response to the inquiry by the representative of Pakistan , may I state that document A/58/L.6 contains a list of non-governmental organizations which the President has submitted for accreditation to the High-Level Dialogue on Financing for Development . Pursuant to paragraph 15 -LRB- b -RRB- of General Assembly resolution 57/250 of 20 December 2002 , interested non-governmental organizations and business sector entities that are not in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council or were not accredited to the International Conference on Financing for Development shall apply to the General Assembly for accreditation   following   the accreditation procedure established during the International Conference on Financing for Development . As mentioned in a footnote to that resolution , the accreditation procedure for the International Conference on Financing for Development is set out in General Assembly resolutions 55/245 B and 54/279 , which Member States will recall was a no-objection procedure .
 Neither acquisition of territory resulting from the threat or use of force nor any occupation of territory resulting from the threat or use of force in contravention of international law will be recognized as legal acquisition or occupation. The obligation of non-recognition also arises in Security Council resolutions , such as resolution 662 -LRB- 1990 -RRB- of 9 August 1990 , on the situation between Iraq and Kuwait , which reads as   follows   : Decides that annexation of Kuwait by Iraq under any form and whatever pretext has no legal validity , and is considered null and void .
 When a draft resolution affected several departments consultations could take some time , although the Division took account of the urgency with which each resolution needed to be treated and did its utmost to make timely , accurate and complete information on the financial implications available to the relevant Committee . Mr. Hof -LRB- Netherlands -RRB- asked why , when his delegation had   followed   all the guidelines for submitting the two draft resolutions of which it was the main sponsor -LRB- A/C.3/58/L.22/Rev.1 and A/C.3/58/L.66 -RRB- , those resolutions were not yet before the Committee for consideration . The Chairman said that that was because the information on their financial implications had not yet been received .
 This invitation will also be announced at the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights under agenda item 18 . I sincerely hope that this declaration will encourage other States to   follow   and thereby facilitate the work of the special rapporteurs and thus enhance the enjoyment of all human rights worldwide . I kindly ask you to circulate this letter as an official document of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights .
 The remaining one-fourth originated from other specialized agencies , funds and programmes -LRB- $ 323 million -RRB- and UNFPA -LRB- $ 85 million -RRB- . As in 2001 , Latin America and the Caribbean assumed the third largest share in 2002 -LRB- 19 per cent , or $ 1.4 billion -RRB- ,   followed   by the Arab States -LRB- 17 per cent , or $ 1.2 billion -RRB- , global and interregional activities -LRB- 9 per cent , or $ 678 million -RRB- and Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States -LRB- 6.6 per cent , or $ 483 million -RRB- . Of the $ 1.4 billion absorbed by Latin America and the Caribbean , UNDP provided two-thirds -LRB- $ 938 million -RRB- , of which 91 per cent -LRB- or $ 855 million -RRB- was attributed to government and third-party cost-sharing sources .
 We also welcome the decision of the parliamentarians of the Community of Portuguese-Speaking Countries to give financial and logistical support for the preparation and holding of the elections , as well as to provide observers . Cameroon encourages other potential partners to   follow   those examples with pragmatism . We have also noted the conclusions of the evaluation mission referred to by Mr. Stephen earlier , and we are pleased to note UNDP 's continued technical assistance to the National Electoral Commission .
 However , this question could usefully be revisited in the future . When operation-oriented programmes were assessed as having reached a certain stage of maturity , a gradual shift of ownership to stakeholders could be an option ,   following   the model of the Trade Point programme . The steps taken to promote the self-sustainability of the major technical cooperation programmes were beginning to yield results in some areas , and the secretariat was encouraged to pursue them .
 To conclude , it can be noted that the UNCCD is a complex case among the international instruments - it does not focus on a conservation approach , but rather constitutes a truly sustainable development tool . The interactive dialogue demonstrated that the developing countries , quite legitimately , expect the developed country Parties to   follow   their commitments made at the Monterrey Conference on Financing for Development in the context of the statements made at the World Summit on Sustainable Development . It is also obvious that the developed country Parties will not finance projects to combat desertification unless there is a strong indication that these projects are among the national priorities of their developing partners .
 States produced various types of publications in the framework of the International Year . According to the information received , Europe has been the region with the most written outputs ,   followed   by the Americas . As could be expected , and in view of the numerous activities undertaken worldwide , final reports and other outputs -LRB- announcement , declarations , charters , etc. -RRB- represent an important part of the publications produced during the Year .
 Urges also the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system to initiate or to continue to take all necessary measures to accelerate progress in the economic and social life of the Territories , and calls for closer cooperation between the Special Committee and the Economic and Social Council in furtherance of the provision of assistance to the Territories ; Notes that some Non-Self-Governing Territories have expressed concern at the procedure   followed   by one administering Power , contrary to the wishes of the Territories themselves , namely , of amending or enacting legislation for the Territories through Orders in Council , in order to apply to the Territories the international treaty obligations of the administering Power ; Takes note of statements made by the elected representatives of the Territories concerned and other appropriate authorities emphasizing their willingness to cooperate in all international efforts aimed at preventing abuse of the international financial system and to promote regulatory environments with highly selective licensing procedures , robust supervisory practices and well-established anti-money-laundering regimes ;
 Recommendation of the First Committee The First Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the   following   draft resolution : Role of science and technology in the context of international security and disarmament
 The immediate Office of the Deputy Special Representative would comprise a political affairs officer -LRB- P-5 -RRB- to assist the Deputy Special Representative in the management of the Office and coordination of the Mission 's operational activities , liaise with officials of the Transitional Government , leaders of political parties and civil society , convene meetings , prepare statements and briefing notes for the Deputy Special Representative and liaise with the United Nations agencies in Liberia . Two special assistants to the Deputy Special Representative -LRB- 1 P-3 , 1 United Nations Volunteer -RRB- would assist the Deputy Special Representative in the coordination and follow-up with the Mission 's support component on all administrative and financial matters and   follow   up on all operational disarmament , demobilization , rehabilitation and reintegration and security issues . The Office of the Deputy Special Representative would be supported by two administrative assistants -LRB- General Service -LRB- Other level -RRB- -RRB- .
 Among the cultural institutions a specific grouping stands out , one that is statistically classified as popular or workers ' universities , but that is very diversified and comprises a modern-day institution such as a culture house or centre . The most numerous are culture houses 379 -LRB- 49 per cent -RRB-   followed   by culture centres 133 -LRB- 17 per cent -RRB- and popular universities 100 -LRB- 13 per cent -RRB- , totalling 761 institutions of this type . Private initiative is more and more gaining ground in culture .
 Switzerland , which ratified the Optional Protocol last June , is committed to pursuing its efforts with a view to ensuring its universal ratification as soon as possible . It hopes that all States that have not yet done this will   follow   its example by depositing a declaration , as stipulated in paragraph 2 of article 3 , indicating 18 years as the age limit for voluntary recruitment . The entry into force of the Rome Statute represents a major step towards an end to impunity .
 Those who are genuinely concerned about the situation of Palestinian children must scrutinize and condemn the criminal behaviour of Palestinian terrorists , who have obscured the fundamental distinction between civilians and combatants , set up camps in civilian refugee areas , used Palestinian civilians , including children , as human shields and used private homes and schools as bases from which to launch attacks against Israel , in grave violation of international humanitarian law and Security Council resolutions . The international community must loudly condemn the practices of Palestinian leaders , who have actively encouraged the participation of Palestinian children in armed conflict , elevated suicide terrorists to the status of national heroes and urged children to   follow   their examples . If delegations truly care about Palestinian children , they must first and foremost address the shameful practices of Palestinian leaders and terrorists that have led too many Palestinian children to believe that murder and death are noble pursuits .
 The views expressed by the majority of member States at the thirty-first session indicated a preference for the model of the 1972 World Heritage Convention . During the different expert meetings -LRB- Turin , Rio de Janeiro , Paris headquarters -RRB- , the majority of experts agreed on the principle of compiling a list of intangible cultural heritage to provide guidance to States parties ,   following   the 1972 Convention experience , emphasizing , however , that adopting such a list did not mean that any heritage omitted from the list was not to be safeguarded . To that end , a glossary of terminology had been elaborated in order to further advance on the concept of intangible cultural heritage. The importance had also been stressed of civil society and local communities associating themselves with the safeguarding of intangible cultural heritage .
 Requests the Secretary-General to provide the International Law Seminar with adequate services , including interpretation , as required , and encourages him to continue considering ways to improve the structure and content of the Seminar ; Also requests the Secretary-General to forward to the International Law Commission , for its attention , the records of the debate on the report of the Commission at the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly , together with such written statements as delegations may circulate in conjunction with their oral statements , and to prepare and distribute a topical summary of the debate ,   following   established practice ; Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States , as soon as possible after the conclusion of the session of the International Law Commission , chapter II of its report containing a summary of the work of that session , chapter III containing the specific issues on which the views of Governments would be of particular interest to the Commission and the draft articles adopted on either first or second reading by the Commission ;
 The reason for the rule of law spanning all areas of rule-making has been aptly summed up by Mario Monti , the European Union 's competition commissioner : Effective judicial review is the ultimate guarantor of accountability . Accountability requires safeguards against selectiveness , whereby parts of law are   followed   while others are flouted . Thus , school fees in primary education may be charged or teachers ' trade union freedoms denied in breach of international and domestic law , undermining the very notion of the rule of law .
 Approximately 80 per cent of the 18 , 621 registered voters participated . The incumbent Gibraltar Social Democratic Party -LRB- GSD -RRB- obtained 58.35 per cent of the vote ,   followed   by the Gibraltar Socialist Labour Party/Liberal Party alliance -LRB- GSLP/Liberal -RRB- with 40.57 per cent , and independent candidates , with 1.08 per cent . Consequently , GSD won eight seats in the Territorial House of Assembly and the GSLP/Liberal alliance seven seats .
 The first ever United Nations Conference on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects in 2001 represented a milestone achievement in multilateralism . Through the consensus adoption of the Programme of Action to Prevent , Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects , Member States expressed their collective determination to establish and   follow   up on a set of universal norms to eradicate the truly global scourge of the uncontrolled proliferation and misuse of illicit small arms . In the past , the origins , end-users and modalities of illicit arms traffic were known , at least in countries able to gather this kind of information , but almost exclusively by national , regional and international agencies dealing with law enforcement , crime prevention , customs , and revenue services and by the intelligence community .
 At the 580th meeting , on 17 February , the Chairman informed the Subcommittee that requests had been received from Angola , Azerbaijan , Israel , Switzerland and Thailand to attend the session .  Following   past practice , those States were invited to send delegations to attend the current session of the Subcommittee and address it as appropriate , without prejudice to further requests of that nature ; that action did not involve any decision of the Subcommittee concerning status but was a courtesy that the Subcommittee extended to those delegations . The following United Nations entities were represented at the session by observers : secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction -LRB- ISDR -RRB- , Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees -LRB- UNHCR -RRB- , United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization -LRB- UNESCO -RRB- , World Meteorological Organization -LRB- WMO -RRB- and International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- .
 The Office was informed of cases where excessive force might have caused the victims ' deaths , such as the death of Luis Preciado Osorio at the National Prison in Valledupar , in March . Lacking a comprehensive policy , the prison authorities have tended to   follow   the Government 's example in responding to current incidents of insecurity and unruliness involving a set but limited number of prisoners , to the detriment of the general obligation to ensure humane and dignified treatment for all persons held in detention . The Ministry of Justice and INPEC have announced that they will adopt measures to improve the functioning of the system .
 Sweden reported a combination of two related indicators , : the emission intensity of the economy and emissions per capita .  Following   this approach , the trend analysis of these two indicators between 1990 and 2000 for all Annex IAnnex I Parties suggests that most of the Annex IAnnex II Parties that reduced the emission intensity of their economies , also reduced their per capita emissions -LRB- European Community , CHE , New Zealand , Switzerland -RRB- . The rest of the Parties continued to improve the emission intensity of their economies -LRB- Australia , Canada , Norway , United States -RRB- or at least maintained it at the same level -LRB- Japan -RRB- , while increasing their per capita emissions , which in some of these countries were already were among the highest -LRB- Australia , Canada , New Zealand , United States -RRB- .
 The reported transport policies were mainly linked to air quality management , congestion management and energy security -LRB- dependency on oil imports -RRB- . Policy instruments : Analysis of the key policies and measures in the database suggests that economic and fiscal instruments were by far the most important ones , accounting for around one third of the instruments used ,   followed   by regulatory instruments , information and education , and voluntary agreements . Hence , compared to the policies reported in the previous NC , a shift from regulatory approaches towards economic and fiscal approaches can be observed .
 UNISPACE III recognized the importance of involving civil society , including industry , in promoting international cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space for the benefit and in the interest of all States .  Following   a recommendation by UNISPACE III , the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee held symposiums to strengthen its partnership with industry , with the participation of speakers from industry , at its sessions in 2000 , 2001 and 2002 . The next symposium , to be held in 2004 , will address small satellite applications in agriculture , health and human security .
 What are the prospects for successful implementation of the Peace Agreement ? Much will depend on the   following   : the adherence of the combatants to the ceasefire , the commitment of the parties to fulfil their obligations under the Accra accord and the support of the international community . The deployment of the international stabilization force and the return of humanitarian agencies and of displaced persons and refugees  some of which have begun in earnest  will all depend on the success of the ceasefire .
 Resolution No. 140-2003 of 15 May 2003 of the PMA Administrator approved guidelines for implementing the ISPS Code , including the requirements to be met by each applicant company before PMA can recognize it as an RSO. This new legislation is currently being implemented with the assistance of State public security bodies , ships , owners , seafarers , port operators and shipping agents . The Authority is also   following   up on meetings to develop standards linked to this new legislation , which include , among other factors , guidelines on operating ships , inspecting ships , dealing with seafarers in ports , documenting seafarers , etc . The Authority recently initiated consultations on important security requirements for the handling of documentation , with a view to incorporating more effective controls into its seafarer and shipping documents. These controls might include bar coding , digital fingerprinting , security marks , etc. This project is compatible with the new specifications contained in the Seafarers ' Identity Documents Convention approved at the recent International Labour Conference of the International Labour Organization in Geneva .
 ECA participated in an ad hoc expert group meeting organized by DESA in Bahia , Brazil , in February 2003 on the theme , Innovations in governance and public administration for poverty reduction . The meeting provided a forum for discussion and for the sharing of experience among experts on the   following   issues : policy development and implementation for poverty reduction ; national planning for poverty reduction ; mechanisms for monitoring and evaluation of poverty reduction policies and strategies ; and building national capacity for good governance and sound public administration for poverty reduction . ECA chaired the final session of the meeting , on the way forward , at which policy-relevant recommendations were made on enhancing poverty reduction efforts .
 -LRB- c -RRB- With regard to propellants and oxidizers , the details and explanations are set forth on pages 1167 to 1992 -LSB- of the Arabic text -RSB- , with a large number of supporting documents . In the chemical field , chapter 11 of the chemical declaration contains detailed replies and explanations as   follows   : -LRB- a -RRB- Material balance of R-400 aerial bombs relating to the chemical and biological fields ;
 Is a requirement to report suspicious transactions imposed on financial intermediaries , for example , real estate agents , lawyers and accountants ? Article 219 of the Organic Law on Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances provides that the national executive branch , through the Ministry of Justice -LRB- now the Ministry of the Interior and Justice -RRB- and the Division of Registries and Public Notaries , shall keep a computerized register of purchases or sales of real estate , or stock or shares , in order to ensure that such transactions   follow   normal market practice . In addition , it shall monitor sale and purchase transactions in cash , purchases carried out by a single natural or legal person , if their repeated nature so warrants , and sales to non-resident foreigners in border areas .
 God only knows how long and how often we will have to continue to come to the Council . My delegation has   followed   with great concern Israel 's violation of Syrian and Lebanese air space and its acts of aggression against the territory of both countries that targeted a civilian site north-west of Syria 's capital , Damascus , and that caused material damage . My delegation considers that act of aggression to be a dangerous escalation that could threaten international peace and security and make an already bad situation vulnerable to incalculable and uncontrollable repercussions .
 It was also observed that since reservations were generally made at the time of ratification or accession and for that reason formed part of the communication of the relevant instrument , the issue raised in draft guideline 2.1.6 seemed to be irrelevant . It was furthermore pointed out that draft guideline 2.1.6   followed   the 1969 and 1986 Vienna Conventions . Draft guideline 2.1.7 -LRB- Functions of depositaries -RRB-
 It was remarked that the very existence of a legal regime in this area would of itself , by encouraging operators to act with care , constitute a preventive measure . Additionally , it was noted that all operators engaged in hazardous activities , whether State or private , should increasingly recognize that the overall costs associated with accidents were so high that it was in their interest to institute state-of-the-art prevention techniques and   follow   continuous improvement procedures . However , the point was made that while establishment , implementation , constant review and improvement of best-practice prevention techniques provided the best guarantee against harm arising from transboundary activities , work on liability and compensation was necessary since even the best attempts at prevention and response could never entirely eliminate the risk of accident .
 Delegations stressed the need to retain the same threshold for liability and compensation as for prevention , whether it was significant or serious . It was also noted that the threshold should be sufficient to induce operators to   follow   best practice in prevention and response . Yet others emphasized that it was unnecessary to establish an initial trigger since under national law no general threshold applied for purposes of compensation .
 On the other hand , attempts to set limits on the share of the operator were cautioned against while seeing merit in the Commission 's suggestion that schemes should be developed to ensure that operators internalized all the costs of their operations and consequently avoided the use of public funds for the compensation schemes . Delegations also noted their agreement with the Commission that any regime on allocation of loss should ensure that effective incentives were in place for all involved in a hazardous activity to   follow   best practice in prevention , response and compensation . It was observed that compensation should cover all damage to persons and property , and that the scope of liability should encompass a duty to take appropriate response action on environmental damage , including clean-up where possible .
 The SBSTA noted the improvement in reporting of GHG inventories by most Annex I Parties and urged Parties that have not fully followed the reporting requirements identified in decision 3/CP.5 to continue to improve their reporting , especially their national inventory reports , and to make every effort to submit their complete GHG inventories , including a national inventory report , by 15 April of each year . It also noted that for inventories due in 2004 , Annex I Parties should   follow   the requirements identified in decision 18/CP.8 . English
 The Committee on Conferences had adopted all of the report 's conclusions and recommendations by consensus .  Following   the practice which the Secretary-General had begun in 2002 , it had chosen to submit two consolidated reports rather than several separate reports , making its consideration of the issues involved more cohesive . The Committee on Conferences had decided to recommend , through the Fifth Committee , a draft resolution for adoption by the Assembly .
 -LRB- b -RRB- A report on overall progress in the implementation of Agenda 21 , the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation , reflecting -LRB- i -RRB- cross-cutting issues identified by the Commission at its eleventh session ; -LRB- ii -RRB- progress made in the three dimensions of sustainable development and their integration ; and -LRB- iii -RRB- constraints , challenges , opportunities , best practices , information-sharing and lessons learned ; Invites the Bureau of the Commission at its twelfth session to continue to recommend to the Commission the specific organizational modalities through open-ended and transparent consultations to be conducted in a timely manner ,   following   the established United Nations rules of procedure , bearing in mind that the activities during Commission meetings should provide for balanced involvement of participants from all regions , as well as for gender balance ; Decides to allocate the resources previously devoted to the former ad hoc intersessional working groups of the Commission to support the participation of representatives of member States of the Commission in one of their respective regional meetings in each implementation cycle ;
 Annex II The   following   States members of UNCTAD , members of the Board , were represented at the session : The following intergovernmental organizations were represented at the session :
 Paragraph 9 Brazil proposes to amend article 53 , paragraph 9 , to read as   follows   : Article 53 Mutual legal assistance
 In the wake of the cancellation of the meeting in 2002 , owing to the lack of IGAD resources , the United Nations and a German development agency , with the Representative 's coordination , had provided special funding while the Sudanese Government had defrayed the remaining costs . That important meeting , in which Member States , United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations had participated , had produced the Khartoum Ministerial Declaration , and Member States had been requested to   follow   up the Declaration and report on its implementation . That having been said , her Government deeply regretted that it had not been notified , by UNICEF or any of the other entities involved , of the workshop held in southern Sudan in 2002 to study domestic issues with the Sudan People 's Liberation Movement .
 Another point worth noting is the sharp increase in the presence of women in the Armed Forces , which doubled in just three years . Figures supplied by the Ministry of Defence show that the Land Army has the largest female presence , with 6 , 727 women ; it is   followed   by the Navy , with 1 , 989 and finally , the Land Army , with 1 , 961 women . The unemployment rate fell by 7.35 percentage points since 1999 ; it stood at 11.4 during the first quarter of 2002 .
 Significant changes have been made in civil law , one of which is Act 1/2000 , of 7 January , on civil procedures , which makes changes in procedures followed in civil lawsuits . The single provision of this Act derogates several articles of the Civil Code , as well as additional clauses 1 to 9 , which refer to the procedures in regard to annulment , separation and divorce set forth in Act 30/1981 , of 7 July , amending the marriage regulations of the Civil Code. and establishing the procedures to be   followed   in cases of annulment , separation and divorce . A number of articles relating to general provisions on actions and claims regarding filiation have been abrogated. The regulations applying to such cases are now set down in the Civil Procedures Act , Volume IV , Title I , Chapter III on proceedings regarding filiation , paternity and maternity , thus avoiding a scattering of procedural rules .
 From 1996 onward , the percentage of women inmates within the total prison population has been decreasing ; in 1996 , women represented 9.34 per cent of the prison population ; in 1998 , 8.94 per cent ; and in 1999 , 8.44 per cent . The highest percentage of female inmates are awaiting trial ; these are   followed   by those who have been convicted . Among prisoners under a court order , 3.11 per cent are women .
 10 December 2003 Upon instructions from my Government , I have the honour to refer to the letter dated 17 November 2003 addressed to you by the Greek Cypriot Representative to the United Nations , which was circulated as a document of the General Assembly and of the Security Council -LRB- A/58/603-S/2003/1101 -RRB- , and to bring to your kind attention the   following   pertinent facts concerning the matter . The Greek Cypriot Representative in his present letter , as in his last letter , has chosen to make hasty baseless allegations which will no doubt be refuted by developments and emerging facts .
 Mr. WAHID -LRB- Indonesia -RRB- said that he would welcome clarification of the relationship between the strategic long-term vision and the Business Plan on the Role and Functions of UNIDO . Mr. RUDISCHHAUSER -LRB- Germany -RRB- said it had been felt that UNIDO should   follow   the lead of other specialized agencies and develop a long-term strategy Such a strategy would not replace the Business Plan .
 Whether the goods are fit for the purposes for which the goods of the same description would ordinarily be used is to be decided on the basis of the standards in the country of the seller ; the goods need not meet the security , certification and production standards of the importing country . Consequently , the seller was not obliged to   follow   these legal standards , even though the seller was aware of the place of delivery . It was up to the buyer to consider these requirements and to incorporate them into the contract on the ground of article 35 -LRB- 1 -RRB- or 35 -LRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- b -RRB- CISG .
 It was suggested that , in considering the possible need for a differentiated treatment of the various grounds under paragraph -LRB- 1 -RRB- , the three following questions should be borne in mind : -LRB- 1 -RRB- which party should bear the burden of proof ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- what would be the applicable standard of proof ; and -LRB- 3 -RRB- upon whose initiative or request would a court examine a possible ground for refusing enforcement . As to which party should bear the burden of proof , the view was expressed that the allocation should   follow   the pattern established in article 36 of the Model Law . It was pointed out , however , that article 36 -LRB- 1 -RRB- -LRB- a -RRB- -LRB- ii -RRB- of the Model Law , for example , should not be interpreted as requiring the party against whom the award was invoked to bear the burden of proving the negative fact that it had not received proper notice .
 For governmental implementing partners , where government audit institutions do not have the manpower or do not give priority to auditing UNHCR sub-projects , the option of contracting external auditing firms should be opened . Focal points should be designated to   follow   up on the receipt of audit certificates . Standard terms of reference , tender documents and evaluation criteria for the engagement of external auditors should be established , and a quality control function introduced to ensure audit certificates meet UNHCR 's requirements .
 In the view of that delegation , only launching States could designate a specific object officially inactive and they should be encouraged to announce that change in the status of their objects under the provisions of the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space -LRB- General Assembly resolution 3235 -LRB- XXIX -RRB- , annex -RRB- . Some delegations noted that changes in the functional status of space objects had been announced in the past , for instance in connection with the decay of the Mir station and the scientific satellite BeppoSAX , and that that approach should be   followed   by other launching States . The view was expressed that the re-entry of BeppoSAX had demonstrated the need to make the international community more aware of the dangers of space debris and that the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee , through their work , could make an important contribution in that area .
 Tourism is the primary economic activity , accounting for more than 70 per cent of GDP . It is   followed   by the manufacturing sector , which consists of petroleum refining , textiles , electronics , pharmaceuticals and watch and jewellery assembly.13 With the reduction in the size of its public sector , the Government is intensifying efforts to promote new private sector investment in the Territory by offering tax breaks .
 Labour Employers in the United States Virgin Islands must   follow   federal and territorial labour laws , such as those on minimum wage , hours , standards of safety and occupational health and payment of social security and unemployment insurance . In recent years , the Government has focused on reducing employment in all three branches of government while promoting private enterprise and investments to create new jobs .
 It is worth mentioning that Kuwait 's experiment of establishing a family counselling bureau to offer guidance on legal , psychological and social matters in order to preserve the integrity and stability of the family and reduce divorce rates through higher rates of reconciliation broke new ground . Until recently , Kuwait was the only Middle Eastern country to have such a bureau , but many sister countries have now also benefited by   following   suit . As a result of the Bureau 's efforts in this field , a total of 856 couples successfully resolved their disputes and a further 720 couples were reconciled between 1 January and 30 June 2000 .
 NGOs should be encouraged to rationalize their participation . The special mechanisms should strictly   follow   their mandates as envisaged in the relevant Commission resolutions . There would be important benefits in having a more interactive debate on the reports of special rapporteurs and , as recommended in the Report , time should be made available for such debates in the course of the session .
 Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations . At its substantive session of 2002 , the Council requested its President to continue to maintain close contact with the Chairman of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples and to report thereon to the Council ; and requested the Secretary-General to   follow   the implementation of the resolution and to report thereon to the Council at its substantive session of 2003 -LRB- Council resolution 2002/30 -RRB- . At its fifty-seventh session , the General Assembly requested the Council to continue to consider , in consultation with the Special Committee , appropriate measures for coordination of the policies and activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in implementing the relevant resolutions of the Assembly -LRB- Assembly resolution 57/133 -RRB- .
 The year 2004 will mark the beginning of the second decade of ICPD , and policies and programmes must build on the experience of the past ten years and the lessons learned through the ICPD+5 and the ICPD 10-year review . Preliminary findings from field inquiries in 151 countries indicate that HIV/AIDS , adolescent reproductive health , gender equality and women 's empowerment are the top priorities in ICPD implementation ,   followed   by the need for greater access to reproductive health , including family planning . Priority population and development issues are population ageing , poverty , migration , and data quality .
 Moreover , rule 19 of the rules of procedure states that the Bureau of the Commission shall consist of seven members -LRB- i.e. four members from Lists A and C combined , two members from List B and one member from List D , referred to in the annex to General Assembly resolution 1995 -LRB- XIX -RRB- as amended -RRB- . Accordingly ,   following   the cycle of rotation established after UNCTAD IX , the bureau for the eighth session of the Commission will be as follows : Chairperson from List B ; Rapporteur from List D ; and five Vice-Chairpersons -LRB- 4 from lists A and C combined , and 1 from List B -RRB- . Item 2 : Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
 Two United Nations peacekeeping missions in Africa  the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo -LRB- MONUC -RRB- and the United Nations Assistance Mission to Sierra Leone -LRB- UNAMSIL -RRB-  have issued their own memorandums on the prohibition of sexual abuse and exploitation by members of civilian and military components . The Department of Peacekeeping Operations issued on 1 July 2003 guidance for field missions on the procedures to be   followed   for handling disciplinary issues and allegations of serious misconduct involving mission personnel , particularly uniformed personnel . One of them , entitled Directive on Sexual Harassment in the United Nations Peacekeeping and other Field Missions : For Military Members of National Contingents , Military Observers and Civilian Police Officers , was prepared with assistance from the Office of Human Resources Management and the Office of the Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women .
 The Committee notes that ethnic or religious groups or minorities frequently refer to the right to self-determination as a basis for an alleged right to secession . In this connection the Committee wishes to express the   following   views . The right to self-determination of peoples is a fundamental principle of international law .
 Expresses its willingness : -LRB- a -RRB- To cooperate fully with all relevant institutions of the United Nations system , in particular the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights , in   following   up the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action ; -LRB- b -RRB- To cooperate with the five independent eminent experts to be appointed by the Secretary-General to facilitate the implementation of the recommendations of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action ;
 At the same time , however , the introduction of e-government has its own set of problems , involving , inter alia , costs and infrastructure , as well as privacy and confidentiality . The Committee pointed out that weak institutions and limited skills are among the most serious factors in hampering e-government development ,   followed   by weak technological infrastructure and low funding capacity . Although the Committee concurred on the particular benefits of e-government , it stressed that the issue of costs versus benefits should be carefully considered , particularly by developing countries .
 Welcomes the establishment by the Inter-Agency Standing Committee of the six core principles in the Plan of Action on Protection from Sexual Exploitation and Abuse in Humanitarian Crises , representing minimum standards of behaviour required of all United Nations civilian staff members , and urges the United Nations to take appropriate follow-up action in response to allegations of sexual violence and exploitation by humanitarian workers ; Encourages Governments as well as international humanitarian organizations , as appropriate , to take further initiatives to prevent , address and   follow   up on allegations of sexual exploitation and abuse in humanitarian emergencies , and emphasizes that the highest standards of conduct and accountability are required of all personnel serving in humanitarian and peacekeeping operations ; Stresses the need to strengthen institutional capacity at all levels as well as disaster risk reduction programmes , particularly in developing countries and countries with economies in transition , in order to minimize vulnerabilities and disaster risks as well as to avoid or to limit adverse impact of natural hazards within the broad context of sustainable development ;
 Requests the Executive Secretary of the Commission to establish a women 's centre within the secretariat of the Commission with responsibility for acting as the secretariat of the Committee on Women ; Also requests the Executive Secretary to   follow   up implementation of this resolution and to submit a report on the matter to the Commission at its twenty-third session . 40th plenary meeting 18 July 2003
 H. Administrative and procedural matters In addition to   following   the procedures in Article 8 of the Convention , the Committee shall apply , mutatis mutandis , the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties , unless otherwise provided in these terms of reference . 16 bis. The Committee may establish such arrangements as are necessary to facilitate its work .
 Japan and Sri Lanka believe that more specific or detailed guidance for providing information is needed , but most Parties conclude that no such revisions are currently needed , and generally emphasize that the current guidelines should remain in force . In particular , the United States felt that the characteristics of Article 6 activities make it challenging to report in uniform terms   following   specific guidelines , and that a fundamental element of Article 6 activities is that they are country driven , which necessitates individualized reporting approaches . The European Community and its member States and the United States further acknowledge that the current guidelines have only recently been agreed , and note that the quality of reporting by Parties in their latest national communications has improved .
 That act , and monetary and financial act No. 183-02 of 21 November 2002 , establish the invalidity of bank secrecy in cases of investigations of serious crimes , provided that a request is made through the Superintendency of Banks . This institution has also   followed   up on the list of individuals issued periodically by the Counter-Terrorism Committee . With regard to border controls , the Head Office for Migration has improved its technology and has also adopted training measures for its support personnel in airports , ports and border points , through courses and instruction in the use of sophisticated equipment for the detection of false documents .
 My delegation calls upon the Secretariat to include in the report of the Secretary-General to be submitted next year to the General Assembly and to the Economic and Social Council an analytical presentation of the efforts of the United Nations with respect to the humanitarian situation in the occupied territories because of the difficulties faced in providing that international humanitarian assistance and to suggest solutions to those difficulties so that the General Assembly and the Security Council can take appropriate measures . Egypt calls upon the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs -LRB- OCHA -RRB- to coordinate and cooperate with UNRWA in order to   follow   up on the humanitarian situation of the Palestinians under Israeli occupation , including the situation of the refugees , because they are an integral segment of those civilians who need humanitarian help . Egypt believes that it is a timely priority that the United Nations assume an active role in expanding and ensuring the protection of humanitarian relief workers , and we underscore the importance of not limiting that protection to legal aspects alone .
 In order to better respond to and overcome these challenges , it is necessary to reiterate once again the guidelines established by resolution 46/182 on the strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance . The United Nations and the international community should consistently   follow   those guidelines in providing humanitarian assistance to the affected countries. Humanity , neutrality and impartiality should be maintained , as should full respect for the sovereignty , territorial integrity and national unity of recipient countries . Humanitarian assistance activities should be carried out with the consent of , and at the request of , affected countries , without any conditionality .
 Norway urged the parties to the conflict to continue the negotiations with a view to reaching a settlement before the end of the year . With regard to the peace process between Eritrea and Ethiopia , Norway welcomed the demarcation of the border between the two countries and the release of Ethiopian prisoners of war , and it urged Ethiopia to   follow   up on its obligations in that regard . The human rights situation in both countries remained worrying , in particular with respect to the measures taken against dissent and to the arbitrary detention of politicians and journalists .
 In terms of level of familiarity with computer use , 43.2 % of women users are at the beginners level , 26.0 % at the middle level , 24.6 % at the level of simple games and entertainment , and only 6.2 % at the highly skilled level where 14.2 % of male users are found . The primary purpose of PC communication and the Internet use was information search for both men and women ,   followed   by chatting and electronic mails for women and games and entertainment for men . While women use computers largely for culture , education , TV related information and activities , music and movies , men do so to make reservations , carry out commercial transactions , and retrieve data .
 They expressed their appreciation to the Members of the Committee on Palestine . They further instructed their Permanent Representatives to continuously   follow   up with such issues related to the United Nations . Fifty-eighth session
 Aware of the serious threat represented by the production , trafficking and consumption of psychotropic substances against the health and well-being of persons and the stability of States , the Andean countries had participated , within the United Nations , in the formulation of the 1988 United Nations Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances and Related Activities . At the regional level , the Andean countries had supported the activities carried out through the Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission of the Organization of American States -LRB- OAS -RRB- , in particular the implementation of the multilateral mechanism of evaluation , expected to help to   follow   up on individual or collective activities carried out by the countries as part of the combat against illicit drugs . In March 2003 , the foreign affairs and defence ministers of the Andean countries had firmly reiterated their condemnation of terrorism , drug trafficking and related offences , practices that constituted a serious threat to regional peace and security , human rights and democracy .
 -LRB- Agenda item 4 -RRB- For its consideration of this item , the Board had before it the   following   documentation : Implementation of UNCTAD-wide activities in favour of LDCs -LRB- TD/B/49/6 -RRB- ;
 Ms. Fotini Sianou -LRB- Greece -RRB- , with reference to religious minorities , said that in Greece the Muslim religion and its customs , as set out in the Shariah , were respected . However ,   following   the 1993 Vienna Conference on Human Rights and the 1995 Beijing Platform for Action it had become clear that violating a population 's human rights in the name of religion was unacceptable . With regard to the dissemination of the Convention among the Greek population , she said that classes on gender equality were included in the school curriculum but were not compulsory .
 In another case , an advance made to an NGO for a seminar had not been accounted for . In most of these offices , records had not been maintained for the advances and , therefore , it was difficult to   follow   up on them . Subsequently , in response to the audits , country offices have established a register to record and monitor all advances made , and have made use of the register to follow-up on any outstanding advances .
 All of them are committed to honouring the letter and the spirit of existing agreements . They are determined to see that peace-building and peace itself become self-sustaining as soon as the agreed procedures for establishing the autonomous Bougainville government have been   followed   and elections held . Agreement to place the Bougainville Peace Agreement within the framework of the Papua New Guinea Constitution is basic to the entire Agreement .
 Without going into details of the actions undertaken , the Federation has responded to specific violations of human rights and international humanitarian law in the world , using various international instruments for the defence and protection of human rights , as well as United Nations resolutions . The Federation has especially   followed   the situations in Western Sahara , East Timor , Colombia , the Philippines , Central America , Mexico and Peru , and certain issues such as impunity , terrorism , the International Court of Justice and children 's , women 's and minority rights . World Conference on Human Rights : our approach
 Conclusions and recommendations The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the programme narrative on section 4 , Disarmament , of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 , subject to the   following   modifications . The Committee recognizes the importance of the Conference on Disarmament as the single multilateral disarmament negotiating forum of the international community .
 Table 15.10 Replace expected accomplishment -LRB- i -RRB- with the   following   : Increased awareness of and sensitivity to the plight of the urban poor , and enhanced cooperation and partnership in slum upgrading initiatives in line with the Millennium Development Goal on `cities without slums' .
 If they do succeed , the supply lines can easily be traced so that appropriate action can be taken . To this end we submit the   following   : -LRB- a -RRB- Manufacturers ' signature and weapon identification number must be permanently inscribed on every part as soon as it is manufactured ;
 Jordan , however , welcomes cooperation in combating the illicit trade in such weapons at all levels  international , regional and national  to curb the proliferation of this dangerous phenomenon and emphasizes that this does not by any means signify the abandonment of the international community 's disarmament priorities . Those priorities were clearly defined in the Final Document of the Tenth Special Session of the General Assembly , the first special session on disarmament , held in 1978 , which accords the highest priority to nuclear disarmament ,   followed   by the non-proliferation of other weapons of mass destruction and conventional weapons . Jordan has legislation and laws which regulate the purchase , possession , use and circulation of small arms and light weapons .
 a See also table A above . The subprogramme objective is to supervise investigative case preparatory activities and litigate cases before the Pre-Trial and Trial Chambers , as   follows   :  To provide legal support to preliminary examination/evaluation and investigation teams
  Analysing and determining cost estimates    Following   up new developments in budgeting methodologies Expected results
 The answer to each of those questions is no . Saddam Hussein would have been emboldened by our failure to act ; every dictator would have been encouraged to   follow   his example ; and the authority of this United Nations would have been gravely weakened . Yet , whatever the arguments of the spring , we have now to come together again for a common purpose .
 In cooperation with the Permanent Observer Mission of Palestine to the United Nations , the Committee will continue to maintain contacts with the Palestinian Authority and other institutions , including civil society , in the areas under its jurisdiction and the rest of the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including Jerusalem .  Following   the practice of the previous years , the Committee will continue to invite Palestinian officials and other Palestinian personalities to meetings with members and observers of the Committee and the Secretariat , as required . The Bureau of the Committee will continue its consultations with countries interested in the programme of work of the Committee , including members of the European Union , with a view to promoting understanding of its objectives and greater participation in its activities .
 UNHCR will keep the Board duly informed on the developments . The Board welcomes the endorsement of the Office of Internal Oversight Services recommendations , and will   follow   up on actions taken for 2004 projects . It notes with concern , however , that as at 31 January 2003 audit certificates received by UNHCR for projects implemented in 2001 covered only 47.5 per cent of the 2001 expenditure .
 In many cases , findings and recommendations remain a part of the report and never find their way into the culture , decisions or actions of the activities , programmes and projects concerned . Evaluations should not only meet an institutional or programmatic requirement , but should lead to lessons learned , to best practices that are actually   followed   , to a dependable assessment of impact  in short , to greater effectiveness . The capacity to provide evaluation services is a natural extension of the research and training and information exchange and networking functions .
 Therefore , the cultural legislation and its implementation do not restrict or limit this freedom . Restrictions or guidelines may , however , in specific matters   follow   from general legislation such as the Penal Code , which , for example , contains measures against incitement to and the commission of acts of violence and racism . Paragraph 66 -LRB- h -RRB- of the guidelines : Professional education in culture and art
 Organisation and Human Resources  Following   the decision 4/COP.5 on the budget and staffing of the Global Mechanism , as well as the recommendation entailed in decision 9/COP.3 -LRB- paragraph 4 -RRB- recommending the Managing Director to ensure proper attention to the African , Asian and Latin American and Caribbean regions , two Programme Managers were recruited for Africa and two Assistant Programme Managers for Asia and Latin America and the Caribbean , respectively . In addition , two Associate Programme Managers -LRB- financed by the Governments of the Netherlands and Norway -RRB- were recruited. One is assigned to support the work for Eastern and Southern Africa and the other has been assigned to support Senior Management - working on policy and strategic issues .
 Commission on Human Rights During the year , the Special Committee closely   followed   the work of the Commission on Human Rights with regard to the question of the right of peoples to self-determination and its application to peoples under colonial domination , and to the question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms in any part of the world , with particular reference to colonial and other dependent Territories . The Special Committee further took into account the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly , including resolutions 56/135 , 56/140 , 56/141 , 56/150 and 56/153 of 19 December 2001 .
 Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination During the year , having regard to the relevant provisions of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the Special Committee continued to   follow   the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination -LRB- see also paras. 71 and 72 below -RRB- . Specialized agencies and international institutions associated with the United Nations
 Organization of African Unity Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the Organization of African Unity -LRB- OAU -RRB- on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of OAU . Caribbean Community
 Caribbean Community Bearing in mind its previous decisions to maintain contact with the Caribbean Community -LRB- CARICOM -RRB- on a regular basis in order to assist in the effective discharge of its mandate , the Special Committee , as in previous years , closely   followed   the work of CARICOM . Pacific Islands Forum
 Requests all States , including the administering Powers , to continue to extend their cooperation in the dissemination of information referred to in paragraph 2 above ; Requests the Special Committee to   follow   the implementation of the present resolution and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session . H. Military activities and arrangements by colonial Powers in Territories under their administration
 The Panel of Experts , established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1425 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- to generate independent information on violations of the arms embargo as a step towards giving effect to and strengthening the embargo , is expected to submit its report by March 2003 , in accordance with paragraph 11 of the resolution . The   following   contributions have been received for the Trust Fund for Peace-Building in Somalia during the period under review : Ireland , $ 34 , 668.65 ; Italy , $ 536 , 150.00 ; and Norway , $ 836 , 533.39 . Of immediate concern is the appalling situation of many vulnerable communities in Somalia , internally displaced persons , rural and urban poor , and minority clans .
 Of these , nine Governments increased their contribution by more than one third -LRB- Cyprus , Ethiopia , Gambia , Ireland , Latvia , Liechtenstein , Monaco , Republic of Korea and Slovenia -RRB- . The United States remained the largest government donor to regular resources with a contribution of $ 120 million ,   followed   by Norway -LRB- $ 39.2 million -RRB- , Sweden -LRB- $ 30.1 million -RRB- , the Netherlands -LRB- $ 27.2 million -RRB- and the United Kingdom -LRB- $ 26 million -RRB- . In addition , 13 Governments restored their support to regular resources in 2002 .
 The observer for France replied that the division between local police and gendarmerie was not specific to Martinique , but was the practice throughout France . Explicit cases of discrimination should be reported officially and   followed   up . There were many criticisms and some were justified , but solutions to the problems should be offered as well .
 The Mission 's vehicle registration campaign in minority areas has also recorded unsatisfactory results . Of the 3 , 612 vehicles registered by 16 May , Pristina region accounted for 75.4 per cent of the total ,   followed   by Strpce municipality with 6.9 per cent . In contrast , hardly any registrations have been recorded in the Pec region and only a few dozen in the Gnjilane region .
 Twenty-three years of war between Soviet and Afghan forces on the one hand , and between Afghan factions on the other hand , have made Afghanistan one of the most mine-affected countries in the world . Throughout the conflicts , the warring parties planted some minefields   following   military guidelines and recorded their location , as well as many other minefields that are unpredictable in size , location and composition . In addition , the factions did not mark or fence their minefields , except to protect their own troops .
 In addition , there has been collaboration with the UN Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDGs -RRB- Task Force on Science , Technology and Innovation . The work of the Commission 's Gender Advisory Board , established to examine the gender implications of S &amp; T , has been closely   followed   by the Commission on the Status of Women and its secretariat , and has benefited from UNDP/UNIFEM support . Through its secretariat , the Commission routinely provides input into UNCTAD 's S &amp; T-related activities , including expert meetings , such as the one held in Geneva in November 2001 on `` Industrial and Environmental Biotechnology : Implications for Trade and Development '' .
 The second Vice-Chairperson and second Rapporteur would begin their term of office following the adoption of the recommendation by the Council . The recommended amendment of rule 5 was submitted by the Chairperson and reads as   follows   : The United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names recommends to the Economic and Social Council the adoption of the following decision :
 Endorses the recommendation of the Committee that the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee , at its forty-first session , taking into account the concerns of all countries , in particular those of developing countries : -LRB- a -RRB- Consider the   following   items : -LRB- i -RRB- General exchange of views and introduction to reports submitted on national activities ;
 Fuel combustion in the energy sector accounted for the largest share of CO2 emissions for all Parties , ranging from 82 per cent -LRB- Iran -RRB- to 100 per cent -LRB- Djibouti -RRB- of total CO2 emissions . Within the fuel combustion sector , transport was the largest source of emissions for seven Parties -LRB- Benin , Belize , Cambodia , Eritrea , Kyrgyzstan , Namibia , Uganda -RRB- , ranging from 36 to 74 per cent ,   followed   by small combustion , which ranked first for four Parties -LRB- Djibouti , Iran , Mauritania , Tajikistan -RRB- . On average , transport accounted for 39 per cent of CO2 emissions from fuel combustion .
 The choice of the way in which reorganization is carried out is typically a response to the size of the business and the degree of complexity of the debtor 's specific situation . Although reorganization may not be as widely included in insolvency laws as liquidation , and may not , therefore ,   follow   such a common pattern , there are a number of key or essential elements that can be determined : -LRB- a -RRB- Submission of the debtor to the proceedings -LRB- whether on its own application or on the basis of an application by creditors -RRB- , which may or may not involve judicial control or supervision ;
 Second , each process is underpinned by an agreement between commercial banks in which the participants agree to follow a set of rules in respect of corporate debtors who are indebted to one or more of the banks and which may participate in the process . The rules provide the procedures to be   followed   and the conditions to be imposed in cases where corporate reorganization is attempted . In some of the jurisdictions , a debtor corporation that seeks to negotiate a reorganization under this process is required to agree to the application of these rules .
 In fact , it was for only three days that our office did not operate . Allow me to suggest , on behalf of Ms. Bellamy , that the world   follow   their example and commit to improving the immediate and long-term future of Iraq by investing in its children . The President : I now give the floor to Mr. Jakob Kellenberger , President of the International Committee of the Red Cross .
 We hear news that some hospitals experienced less looting than others because they were protected by Shiah or Sunni militia . This may create a wrong perception in the Iraqi population that the only way to get security is to rely on and to   follow   Islamic religious groups . In this context , I would be interested in hearing from the United Nations specialized agencies as to whether they share this concern .
 He also emphasized the vital importance of technical assistance for developing countries in order to apply the future convention . He noted the usefulness of discussing the most appropriate mechanism for monitoring implementation of the future convention and the need to establish a Conference of the Parties to the Convention to monitor and   follow   up implementation of its provisions . The representative of Cuba reiterated the commitment of the members of the Group to collaborate in ensuring the success of the session , during which he hoped to complete the second reading of the entire draft so that the Ad Hoc Committee could devote its attention in its final two sessions to finalizing the text of the draft convention .
 -LRB- Total number : 13 . The   following   other intergovernmental organizations were represented : Asia-Europe Environmental Technology Centre , Council of the European Union , European Commission -LRB- EC -RRB- , Intergovernmental Forum on Chemical Safety -LRB- IFCS -RRB- , Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development -LRB- OECD -RRB- , South Asia Co-Operative Environment Programme -LRB- SACEP -RRB- . -LRB- Total number : 6 .
 The consolidated publication should contain the materials in the Legislative Guide , with appropriate amendments to the text of the recommendations , as proposed by the representative of Spain , together with an explanation of how the text had evolved to produce the model provisions . The new publication would contain , first , the model provisions and those legislative recommendations which had not been replaced ;   followed   by the text of all the recommendations . It was important to bear in mind that the Commission was working for its member States , especially those from developing countries and countries in transition .
 Legislative reform is currently being considered with respect to the matter of freezing accounts and other assets in banks and financial institutions . Another essential step is the establishment of legal and/or administrative provisions designed to oblige banks and financial institutions to adopt security measures -LRB- such as monitoring ,   following   up and reporting on suspicious bank or financial transactions ; comprehensive and rigorous identification of bank account holders , mainly in respect of legal persons ; retention of documents and records detailing bank transactions , etc. -RRB- . Please describe any structures or mechanisms in place in Chile to identify and investigate Osama bin Laden- , al-Qa`idah or Taliban-related financial networks or associated entities or individuals .
 This is a particularly difficult issue in western coastal Africa . Members have all   followed   the issues in Cte d'Ivoire and Liberia , where there are between 4 million and 5 million refugees  people moving about . The conflict is producing enormous chaos in the region .
 Kazakhstan placed great value on the contribution made by COPUOS in promoting international space activity and the development of space law , and believed that it should retain its leading role in further strengthening international cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space . Ms. Baaziz -LRB- Algeria -RRB- welcomed the efforts of COPUOS to   follow   up the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III . Outer space was the province of all humankind and must remain an area of peace and cooperation among States .
 Notes In accordance with the relevant General Assembly resolutions and decisions , the term `` Palestine '' in this report refers to the Palestine Liberation Organization , which established the Palestinian Authority -LRB- PA -RRB-   following   the 1993-1994 accords with Israel . References to the `` State of Palestine '' are consistent with the vision expressed in Security Council Resolution 1397 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and the `` Road Map '' .
 In response to allegations of massive violations of human rights and humanitarian law in Ankoro , in Manono territory -LRB- Katanga -RRB- between 10 and 18 November 2002 , MONUC , in cooperation with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights , dispatched an investigative mission , which went to Ankoro on 28 November 2002 to verify the allegations . The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights also participated , in cooperation with MONUC , in various missions to   follow   up allegations of grave human rights violations in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , specifically in Kisangani and Bunia . It has initiated capacity-building activities for national institutions , both governmental and non-governmental , through training sessions on the administration of justice and human rights , international humanitarian law , and ethics , aimed at public structures , criminal investigation officers , teachers , army officers and journalists .
 Also expressing concern that there is still only one female special representative of the Secretary-General , Welcoming the work of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations in issuing guidance for field missions on the procedures to be   followed   for handling disciplinary issues and allegations of serious misconduct involving mission personnel , and encouraged by the agreement in the Staff-Management Coordination Committee that the procedure for dealing with all forms of sexual harassment will be reviewed and incorporated within a new administrative instruction covering all forms of harassment , Welcoming also the new flexible working arrangements authorized in all departments and offices of the United Nations Secretariat ,
 In its decision 2003/287 , the Council decided that the high-level segment of its substantive session of 2004 would be devoted to consideration of the following theme : Resources mobilization and enabling environment for poverty eradication in the context of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 . In the same decision , the Council decided that the coordination segment of its substantive session of 2004 would be devoted to consideration of the   following   themes : -LRB- a -RRB- Review and appraisal of the system-wide implementation of the Council 's agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming the gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system .
 It was noticed that according to item 26 of section D the Al-Shifa Company Honey Press had a branch in Qatar . After this was   followed   up and a search made it turned out that the company had been closed down and that it had no accounts in the banks operating in Qatar . Please submit to the Committee , to the extent possible , the names of individuals or entities associated with Osama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida that have not been included in the List , unless to do so would compromise investigations or enforcement actions .
 -LRB- 2 -RRB- To that end , the Commission used the same method as for the formulation of the withdrawal stricto sensu and considered whether it might not be possible and appropriate to transpose draft guidelines 2.1.5 to 2.1.7 it had adopted on the communication of reservations themselves . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The first remark that must be made is that , although the Vienna Conventions do not specify the procedure to be   followed   for withdrawing a reservation , the travaux prparatoires of the 1969 Convention show that those who drafted the law of treaties were in no doubt about the fact that : Notification of withdrawal must be made by the depositary , if there is one ; and
 The non-aligned countries were convinced of the need to strengthen the role of the United Nations in resolving those issues and therefore supported the convening of a fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament , with the participation of all Member States , to review and appraise the implementation of the final document adopted by the first special session on disarmament , and to reaffirm the principles and priorities of that document . arriving at an agreement on a phased programme for the complete elimination of nuclear weapons ,   following   a fixed timetable , for the prohibition of their development , production , acquisition , testing , stockpiling , transfer , use or threat of use and for their destruction . In the view of the non-aligned States , at its first session , the Preparatory Committee had dealt with most of the procedural issues necessary for the 2005 Review Conference .
 In the calculation , the weights attributed to the GS-13/VI and GS-14/VI levels are 0.33 and 0.67 , respectively . The Commission noted that if it were to   follow   the procedure it had used since 1995 for adjusting the United Nations base/floor salary scale , on the basis of the movement of United States federal civil service salaries as at 1 January 2003 -LRB- in Washington , D.C. -RRB- , an 8.4 per cent adjustment of the United Nations common system 's scale would be necessary in order to keep the base/floor scale in line with the comparator . The Commission also noted that the General Assembly had , on a number of occasions , called attention to the increasing number of duty stations where the post adjustment classification was equal or close to zero and had requested the Commission to review its methodology to ensure that purchasing power equivalence was appropriately reflected .
 Use of family planning is on the increase irrespective of place of residence. From 1995 to 2000 use of contraceptives increased from 57.2 per cent to 64.8 per cent in urban areas and from 56.6 per cent to 62.9 per cent in rural areas . The pill is still the most widely used contraceptive -LRB- 44.3 per cent in 2000 -RRB- ,   followed   by the intrauterine device -LRB- IUD -RRB- -LRB- 4.3 per cent -RRB- . Condom use is on the increase -LRB- 1.5 per cent in 2000 as compared with 0.8 per cent in 1995 -RRB- , while 13.9 per cent of contraceptive users resort to natural methods , such as prolonged breastfeeding . Contraceptive use is now more continuous , with average use increasing from 31.5 months in 1995 to 34.4 months in 2000 , reflecting better fertility control among contraceptive users .
 In the view of that delegation , only launching States could designate a specific object officially inactive and they should be encouraged to announce that change in the status of their objects under the provisions of the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space -LRB- General Assembly resolution 3235 -LRB- XXIX -RRB- , annex -RRB- . Some delegations noted that changes in the functional status of space objects had been announced in the past , for instance in connection with the decay of the Mir station and the scientific satellite BeppoSAX , and that that approach should be   followed   by other launching States . The view was expressed that the re-entry of BeppoSAX had demonstrated the need to make the international community more aware of the dangers of space debris and that the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee , through their work , could make an important contribution in that area .
 Regards this aggression as confirmation of the aggressive nature of Israel and its Government , which continuously thwart all peace efforts and initiatives ; Decides to keep its session open in order to   follow   the developments in the situation and requests the Secretary-General to make the necessary contacts , in conjunction with the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic and the permanent States members of the Security Council , with a view to following those developments . Fifty-seventh session
 Organization of work  Following   a proposal by the Chairman , statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic , Egypt and Cuba . The Chairman also made a statement .
 Welcomes the setting up of the Parliamentary Union of the OIC Member States and expresses its conviction that this will help in reinforcing cooperation and consultation at all levels among Islamic nations . Requests the OIC Secretariat to   follow   up consultation and coordination among representatives of member States at international organisations and fora . Invites OIC heads of mission accredited to various countries to hold informal consultations in order to coordinate their positions with regard to important issues of concern .
 Calls upon the international community to help the LDCs to progressively integrate themselves into the world economy and strengthen LDC 's capacity to participate in the multilateral trading system , including facilitating accession to WTO by those LDC 's which are not already members . Urges developed countries to increase their contributions and initiate new means within the framework of the International Development Strategy and to   follow   the example of countries who converted the debts contracted by the least developed countries into grants in order to facilitate the implementation of the structural adjustment measures undertaken by these countries . Expresses concern at the declining trend in the quantity of ODA to the LDCs and stresses the importance of increasing Official Development Assistance -LRB- ODA -RRB- granted by the developed countries in favour of the developing countries in general and the Least Developed Countries in particular and calls upon developed countries to continue providing their official development assistance in parallel with facilitating the access of the products of the developing and the least developed countries to the markets of developed countries .
 Notes with satisfaction that the Framework Agreement on Trade Preferential System among OIC Member States has entered into force upon its ratification by more than ten Member States as required under the Agreement and urges those who have not yet done so , to do it as soon as possible . Requests the General Secretariat and its specialised subsidiary organs to exert their efforts to convince Member States of the need to sign and ratify the Agreements/ Statutes and to regularly   follow   up on the matter . Calls upon Member States which have not yet signed and/or ratified the above mentioned Agreements/Statutes to do so , at their earliest .
 Having considered also the report of the Secretary General on the matter : Calls on the General Secretariat and the Islamic Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization -LRB- ISESCO -RRB- to   follow   up the printing and communicating the curricula to the Member States in implementation of relevant Islamic Draft RESOLUTION NO.s . Urges the competent authorities in the Palestinian National Authority to expeditiously produce the new curricula for the teaching of the history and geography of Palestine .
 Expresses deep appreciation for the successful efforts made by the Director General of ISESCO and the Director General of the Department of Meteorology and Environmental Protection to hold the First Islamic Conference of Environment Ministers hosted by the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia -LRB- Jeddah 10-12 June 2002 -RRB- and commends the excellent organization of the Conference and the excellent quality of its working documents . Adopts the Islamic Declaration on Sustainable Development and the Final communiqu and resolutions of the Conference and the general framework of the Islamic Work Programme on Sustainable Development and entrusts ISESCO with   following   up the implementation of the resolutions and recommendations of the First Islamic Conference of Environment Ministers . Welcomes Resolution No.265/57 adopted by the Fifty-seventh Session of the United Nations General Assembly -LRB- UNGA -RRB- on the creation of an International Solidarity Fund for Combating Poverty and fostering human development in developing countries , an initiative of H.E. President Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali , President of the Republic of Tunisia and Calls the UN to implement this resolution , the Fund being a mechanism for eradication of poverty in countries mostly in need ;
 According to the same provision , due account shall be taken in the overall composition of the Chambers of the Tribunal of the experience of the judges in criminal law and international law , including international humanitarian law and human rights law . I would like to recall that , in his memorandum , the Secretary-General suggested that , given the similar nature of the election of judges of the International Court of Justice and the election of judges of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda , and as was decided at the time of the elections of judges in 1995 , 1998 and 2001 , similar election procedures should be   followed   in the Assembly . The General Assembly , on Wednesday , 29 January 2003 , decided that those precedents shall be followed and that rule 151 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly shall be applied to the election of permanent judges of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda .
 In a world where terrorists can plan and operate on a global scale , establishing institutionalized cooperation among States and ensuring the smooth working of the relevant international conventions are stark priorities . Likewise , States should reinstate mechanisms to   follow   the flow of funds that are often coercively generated and controlled by suspected or overtly radical groups . Indeed , the nexus of money-laundering , arms trafficking and drug trafficking , which we so often encounter whenever we delve into the intricacies of worldwide networking among criminal and terrorist groups , can not be allowed to fester so as to form part of yet another culture of impunity .
 Scope of the compilation of 1993 SNA tables and accounts Note : The   following   terms and symbol are used in annex II : Min req't : Table is required before 1993 SNA is considered to be implemented .
 The Board recommended that the Bureau of the Working Group on Indigenous Populations at its annual session in 2003 should again invite the Chairperson or any other member of the Board who could be in Geneva during the session , or the secretariat of the Board and Fund , to deliver a statement introducing the report of the Secretary-General on the Fund . The Board recommended that the working group established by the Commission on Human Rights in its resolution 1995/32 elaborate a draft United Nations declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples   follow   the same practice . As a follow-up to the recommendations adopted at its fourteenth session concerning an internal review by the Chairperson of the impact of the travel grants , the Chairperson reported her views to the Board at its sixteenth session .
 It is also proposed , starting from 2005 , to reclassify the post of Special Assistant to level P-5 . The tasks of the Special Assistant include advising the Executive Secretary on strategic issues of a cross-cutting nature , providing support to the Bureau of the COP , and   following   up relevant bilateral and multilateral initiatives relating to the Convention . In order effectively to respond to the increasing workload of the programme , a professional post of Programme Officer at P-3 level is included in the proposed budget for 2004-2005 .
 This list includes possible elements for the provisional agenda of COP 9 in the event that the Kyoto Protocol has not entered into force . Following the inability of the COP at its fifth session to reach any conclusion on this matter -LRB- FCCC/CP/1999/6 , para. 18 -RRB- , and   following   rule 10 -LRB- c -RRB- and rule 16 of the draft rules of procedure being applied , an item entitled Second review of the adequacy of Article 4.2 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- of the Convention was included in the provisional agenda for the sixth and seventh sessions . Attached to this item was a footnote reflecting a proposal made at the fifth session by the Group of 77 and China to amend this item to read Review of the adequacy of implementation of Article 4 , paragraph 2 -LRB- a -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- of the Convention .
 The Committee decided to consider the question of measures to encourage the payment of arrears further at its sixty-fourth session -LRB- June 2004 -RRB- in the light of any guidance from the General Assembly and of updated information from the Secretariat on the related experience of other organizations of the United Nations system and to report thereon to the General Assembly before the end of its fifty-eighth session -LRB- September 2004 -RRB- . The Secretariat will   follow   closely further developments and will inform the governing bodies accordingly . Arrears by former Member StatesUnited States of America
 There is an urgent need for training in outer space technologies and in the challenges of outer space policy . In the light of its cultural mandate , UNESCO might identity different players involved all over the world in the field of outer space culture. The ESA example of sponsoring European universities to hold summer courses on outer space policy and law deserves to be   followed   . With regards to the wide diversity of cultural contexts , outer space agencies should be committed to networking operations based on electronic forums between the originators of outer space policy , political decision-makers and the segments of public opinion , which take an interest in outer space activities .
 In accordance with your recommendation , Sir , I shall limit myself to associating myself with the gratitude expressed and the compliments paid by Ambassador Kumalo to your predecessor , Ambassador Jean-Marc de La Sablire . We   followed   with interest the presentation of the reports by Mr. Hans Blix , the Executive Chairman of the United Nations Monitoring , Verification and Inspection Commission , and Mr. Mohamed ElBaradei , Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency . We have taken due note of the progress that has been achieved in the inspections .
 I also wish to thank you for having granted the request of the chairmanship of the Non-Aligned Movement to convene this open debate on an issue that has continued to be central to the concerns of the entire membership of the international community ever since the debate we held in October 2002 . Like the rest of the international community , Algeria has   followed   with keen concern the events that have taken place since then and therefore can not fail to be anxious regarding the serious dangers now threatening regional and international peace and security . It is nevertheless appropriate to stress here that , since Iraq 's acceptance on 16 September of the unconditional return to its territory of the United Nations inspectors , followed in November by its unconditional acceptance of resolution 1441 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , never in more than a decade have there been conditions so conducive to a political and diplomatic settlement of what is called the Iraqi crisis or have the prospects for a peaceful disarmament of Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction been so near at hand .
 The President : I now give the floor to the representative of Brazil . Mr. Moura -LRB- Brazil -RRB- : Brazil has been   following   with concern and apprehension the situation regarding Iraq , fully aware of the implications that developments related to it may have for the maintenance of international peace and security . The implications of the current situation and the risk of war it entails are already being felt throughout the world , through increased uncertainty , political divisions and jittery markets .
 -LRB- c -RRB- To achieve through the coordination activity an integrated system in the collection , processing and dissemination of international statistics by promoting the coordination of the international official statistical system , including technical cooperation in statistics ; and to facilitate the use in member States of internationally agreed concepts , definitions , recommendations and classifications of different international organizations by coordinating the work on methodological development and promoting harmonization of the methodologies in various fields of statistics ; -LRB- d -RRB- To foster good practices in the structuring and programming of statistical activities in the international organizations ; within the above framework the Committee focuses on emerging issues requiring coordination , takes a proactive approach and   follows   up on decisions to ensure that action is taken . Other organizations can participate by invitation .
 Africa has adopted a clear position on the question of disarming Iraq by peaceful means . Moreover , African countries decided to free their continent from weapons of mass destruction , an example that could be   followed   by the countries in the Middle East region . Clearly , there is much more to be done .
 The decision , which mandates that no language version of an official document , including its original language version , may be released for distribution until all the other required language versions are available , was contained in resolution 42/207 C of 11 December 1987 and reiterated in resolutions 50/11 of 2 November 1995 and 53/208 B of 18 December 1998 . Regarding documents on the United Nations web site , the Secretary-General , in his note contained in document A/C.5/56/37 , emphasized that most parliamentary documentation posted on the United Nations web site strictly   followed   the rule on simultaneous availability . This was ensured by the practice whereby official documents are made available on the web site by copying them from the Official Document System -LRB- ODS -RRB- after they are released in accordance with the rule on simultaneous availability , and not before .
 It was so decided . The Acting President : I congratulate the   following   States , which have been elected members of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law : Algeria , Argentina , Australia , Belgium , Chile , Colombia , Croatia , Fiji , Gabon , the Islamic Republic of Iran , Israel , Jordan , Lebanon , Lithuania , Poland , Qatar , the Republic of Korea , South Africa , Sri Lanka , Switzerland , Tunisia , Turkey , Uruguay and Zimbabwe . The General Assembly will now turn to the drawing of lots to select 13 from among the 24 additional members just elected .
 We should like at the outset to point out that the List is considered the primary source on which coordination among the competent Kuwaiti authorities is based for the circulation of names . Those authorities , each within its own sphere of competence , take the necessary steps for entering those names , whether in the financial area , i.e. , for   following   the balances of the persons in question , freezing their assets and prohibiting dealings with them , or in the security area , which involves taking all necessary steps to prevent the entry of persons belonging to or associated with the organization . Such prevention is connected with specific measures for the entry of all names and personal data of persons associated with the Osama bin Laden group , the al-Qa`idah organization and the Taliban movement in a prohibited-entry list that is circulated to all the country 's exit/entry points .
 It was noted that while various initiatives announced at Monterrey -LRB- e.g. , the Millennium Challenge Account of the United States -RRB- have not yet been fully implemented , the declining trend of ODA is reversing . They commended donor countries that meet or exceed the agreed ODA target of 0.7 per cent and urged others to   follow   suit . In light of the fact that net resource transfers to developing countries are still negative , participants underscored the need to rapidly increase the volume of aid and disburse it quickly in a predictable time frame .
